Oh, that's my rod.
Uncle Hank, can I borrow a $22.50?
I need $8 for the movie and $2.50 for popcorn, then $10 for dinner, and I want to play the claw machine.
I would give up the popcorn to play the claw machine.
You know, Lou Ann, it would be a lot less irritating to give you a round number every now and then than hearing about every little thing you wanted to buy.
Can I have $300?
Look, here's $60.
Now, I lived for a month on $60 thanks to the- Hey guys, I got $60!
You know, by letting Luanne live like this, we send out the message that it's okay.
Maybe that's what's wrong with Bobby.
Yeah, my Betsy left her job at the La Grotta Hotel.
She can put in a good word for Luann.
What's the job?
Golf course drink girl.
Hmm.
I went to the La Grotta once.
It cost $8 just to park there.
You get 200 washers for that.
400 at the Megalomark.
What's that supposed to mean?
Now calm down guys.
This is why I shop here.
It may cost more, but it's worth it.
Eight cents.
I've got a family.
Luanne, that's my helmet phone.
I'm sorry, but I can't just starve to death as convenient as that would be for you.
And you won't give me any more money because I spent everything you gave me last night.
But, well, you know what?
It doesn't matter because I found an exciting opportunity for you.
How would you like to be a golf course drink girl?
You'd have your own money.
My own money?
Nobody making me beg for every little penny like a dog.
Uh, yep, you'd show me, all right.
Oh, a golf course drink, girl.
Hey, why not me?
That a girl?
I'll be my own boss.
Uh, no, you'll have a boss, but the tips are all under the table.
Oh, okay.
The golfers are cheap.
Oh, they think, because I'm a woman.
I'm supposed to be Miss Mary Sunshine.
Well, the hell with that.
I had no idea you were a woman.
Just take these drinks out to seven.
As long as you can do basic math, you'll be fine.
Excuse me, did you order these drinks?
Yeah, but maybe I've had enough.
You look a lot better than you did 15 minutes ago.
I had them check my math so I know it's right.
Here you go.
Okay.
I can do this.
Hey, it's all yours.
As long as you don't let the seahag bring our drinks anymore.
And we could eat what's left over from the buffet, and we get to use the kids pool until 7am.
Well, how do I get a job like that, huh?
Oh, Aunt Peggy, I don't know.
The other drink goes a woman your age, and the golfers don't like her.
I could be a golf course drink girl.
Is there anything else I can get you, gentlemen?
Bobby, don't let your father see you do that, honey.
What is the best possible present I could possibly get him?
Well, I always get him pants.
I got him socks one year.
Mm-mm.
Never again.
No, no, no, no.
That's no good.
I have to give him something he really loves.
Something that'll just make him go, wow!
I've noticed that Uncle Hank doesn't wear any jewelry, so I'm going to get him some jewelry.
That's not what he needs.
I know a man who can remove Hank's fingerprints for him.
But believe me, pay the extra and get the $50 job.
I'll tell you what, man, that little boy needs a dang old electronic assistant.
Man, I never don't miss a minute, man.
Check it out.
OK, wake up in about five, and then go out and get a beer, and then go and hang it out at an auto store, and then pick up and then come back and work it out.
Oh man, it's a dang of Wednesday, man.
You know, Hank and me, we used to go bowling and I'd tell people we were brothers and he was better than me but he'd let me win sometimes and we'd stay out way too late and maybe if you bought him another bowling ball, it'd be like before Peggy came.
What man doesn't like a nice soap or candle?
Oh, that bottle of Vix is really expensive.
Why don't you get him a gift certificate?
There are lots of things at the hotel he can use.
I bought my husband a round of golf, and our love life has never been better.
Of course, that's it!
And she said I should buy him a round of golf, and then it was easy.
Oh, the way in.
Hank loves golf.
A round of golf makes my presence look like, well, nothing.
Oh, no.
It pays.
Of course it does.
No, no, no, no, no.
You don't understand.
Surprise!
Well, what's this?
I know it's not my birthday.
I didn't get my pants from Peggy.
Oh my God!
Look at your face!
She thought it was a big box, but it's a small box.
But you know what they say about small packages?
It's a round of golf!
No, Bobby.
No, no, the round of golf gave me the idea, but it's not... Dolphin encounter?
That's right.
There's a dolphin in a pool at the hotel, and you can swim with it and touch it, and it communes with you, and you can feed it dead fish.
Well, Luan, this sure was a thoughtful present, and it looks like you, uh... spent a lot of money on it, and... Hey, if I wanted to exchange it for that round of golf, I could do that, right?
But... you wouldn't want to replace it.
What?
It costs more than a round of golf, and I... I... I'm not... I can't... Excuse me.
Well, somebody should go talk to Luanne.
All right.
Well, hey Luanne, you know what?
I've never climbed into a pool with a big fish.
I guess it just never occurred to me, so maybe this dolphin confrontation would be something I'd be glad I had done after it was over.
It's an encounter.
Even better.
Come on, Hank!
Looks like you're going golfing.
Yeah, looks like.
Didn't know dolphins knew how to play golf.
Shut up, Dale.
They have a store that sells red skeleton paintings.
I am there.
Although I do not like his clowns.
Look at that brunch!
Prime rib for breakfast.
Wow, it's true.
I guess I owe Bill an apology.
Uncle Hank, it's time for your dolphin encounter orientation.
Boy, look at that beef.
I'll never get the brunch.
to think of all the years I've wasted without capers.
They work with the salmon, they work with the little pickles and I think they might work with fruit pies.
Hello, what have we here?
One man who was healed by dolphins told me angels are dolphins who haven't learned to swim.
People ask me how to approach these wise citations and I can only say be honest with them and they will share their secrets with you.
I'm gonna load lights now so we can watch our video.
A dream of dolphins.
I dive into the gentle sea to free the dolphin inside of me.
I don't want any photos.
Go take pictures of the golf course.
They can feel negative energy.
Relax.
Go!
Wow.
That was a mighty fine catch.
He kind of feels like rubber.
Hold on to Duke's fin.
Let him take you.
Hey, look at me.
Hey, Luan, this isn't as asinine as I thought.
Well, I tell you what, this is one just a second, Duke.
Hey, hey, cut it out.
What's going on?
There's nothing wrong, but maybe you should get out of the pool immediately.
What do I do?
Have fun!
Get the manager out here.
How's this?
Well, that is perfect.
Now wait, one with the flash, just to be safe.
Excuse me, is it safe to assume you won't be purchasing a videotape of your dolphin encounter?
Get out of here, you're in trouble, all of you.
That fish better have had its shots.
Mr. Hill, I'm the Food and Recreation Director here at Lagranta.
That thing attacked me.
That's not what my niece paid for.
Is it?
No.
Is it?
Y'all used me for chum.
That stupid fish coulda drowned me.
Mr. Hill is no way on earth Duke would've let you drown.
That dolphin loves you.
A lot.
What's a damn funny way to show it?
Uh, Mr. Hill, Duke has the same desires we all do.
With all of your fondling, Duke became aroused and was attempting to become physically intimate with you.
Oh my god.
It's a compliment, really.
Well, he's not going to get away with this.
Give me that tape!
I'm setting this into an animal's attack, and then it'll fly us out to Hollywood, cause it's gonna win!
Luan, please!
No one is going to see that tape!
Now, Mr. Hill, let's move on past the Blaine game.
I don't care who led who on.
Now, if you'll sign our waiver form...
Your family's brunch is free mm-hmm that handsome bathrobe is yours along with a beautiful gift basket mm-hmm, and we'll throw in 25 look run to dollars fine We'll go get the form Luan you and I have a secret that we must take to our graves Are you threatening to kill me uncle Hank?
Of course not
They're right.
Lagranta is the greatest.
They even have extra wide slippers for the full-footed woman.
Oh, Luanne, honey, how could you afford all these things?
Um, how could I afford not to?
No, Luanne, what I really meant was... I don't know how she could be so dang generous either.
You didn't steal them, did you?
You didn't.
Honey, did you try the capers with your fruit pies yet?
That was a real disappointment.
I'd rather not talk about it.
We're doing great.
I don't suspect a thing.
You see that?
It's like it never happened.
But, uh, Luanne, you can't mention it to me even.
Or it's like it did happen, you see?
Gotcha.
Eww, Lagranta micro brewery.
Shut up, Dale.
You can't say shut up.
I haven't made fun of you for going to the hotel yet.
How long are you going to beat this into the ground?
The hotel is history.
I thought I could have a morning without hearing about the dolphin, but I guess not.
So what's your damn dolphin joke?
Now you've ruined it.
Good.
Thanks, Got One.
I get huxes.
No!
Get it off!
It was an ugly fish.
I got a little scared too.
98.8 degrees.
Well, you can have it your way, Mr. Egg.
We can wait just as long as you.
You're not dealing with a couple of hormone-crazed teenagers here.
Come on!
Okay, we're decent.
Turn down, service.
Here's your hotel mints.
Bingo!
It's time!
Oh, yeah.
Hike, what's wrong with you?
Are you guys gonna eat those mints?
Good day for it, too.
Hey, all right, drink girl.
Hey, the drink girl gets to take my putt for me.
Oh, I don't know how.
It's easy.
Here, I'll show you.
Now, you relax the grip.
Keep your arms straight.
Huh?
Shoulders back.
Now, flex those knees and bend your waist.
Hey, you have good form.
Sorry, I gotta go.
Whoa, wait.
The lesson's not over yet.
I mean, we didn't pay for our drinks.
That's OK.
Coming through.
Don't touch me.
I'm sorry.
That's okay.
You didn't do anything.
Is something wrong?
Oh, I shouldn't tell anyone.
Well, you didn't tell me I figured it out.
I guess.
Bobby, some of the men on the golf course got fresh with me.
Hmm.
Did they use any swear words?
No.
It was more physical.
Did you report them?
Well, no.
Then everyone would know.
Besides, I shouldn't have taken the putt in the first place.
That was unprofessional.
Luan, that's crazy.
Well, you didn't tell anyone when you... Luan, please.
You see, it's better to just put these things behind you.
If you can make it work, so can I. Now wait a minute, I didn't mean... Sorry, I can't talk about it.
Now I'm not so sure I want to be a golf course drink girl.
Dad, we're down to two jars of capers.
Well, we can't get any more.
What does that mean?
How hard can it be?
You don't want to know.
What are you doing, Luanne?
Looking pretty in public is just asking for trouble.
So, I borrowed some of your clothes.
Okay, I'm just saying.
Those two jars aren't gonna get me through the weekend.
No!
Alright Hank, I'm nobody's fault, so, what exactly is going on?
It was the dolphin.
He, uh, attacked me.
Hmm, I see.
No, it was more than that.
He, uh, remember the movie on Lifetime?
You know what Gregory Harrison did to Valerie Burton-Elly?
Oh, my God!
Oh, I have never... Well, actually, I have had a dog hump my leg.
Oh, it doesn't feel good, does it?
No.
I thought ignoring it would make it better, but it just made it worse.
For everyone.
You know, I've never said this about anything before, but it feels good to talk about it.
That's good, Hank.
Come on, just let it all out.
It is so horrible.
I mean, that creature swimming at you with that hungry look, waving his... I mean, does he even have a... It's a mammal, Peggy.
Oh, well, of course he would.
I'm sorry.
He is a mammal and would have mammalian organs, roughly in proportion to body size, I'm guessing.
That's enough talking about it for now.
Whatever feels best.
This is all so disorienting.
It's hard not to... I mean, did he know where to go?
Peggy!
I don't know what I'm gonna do, but it starts with not lying about what happened.
It's the dolphin who ought to be ashamed of himself.
It happened to me.
The same thing happened to me six years ago and four years ago.
What?
Oh yeah!
I saved up to 150, and I was gonna live it up.
I was gonna live it up like the big boys swimming with the dolphins.
It was gonna turn my life around.
Give me my confidence back, and then... Well, what'd you do about it?
Those hotel guys bought me off.
With this t-shirt, it made me feel cheap and used, but it breathes nice.
All right, well, there's one thing I can do.
Quit drinking that hotel beer.
I'm gonna take it back.
Hey!
Good for you, Hank Hill.
You throw those 30 pieces of silver right back at him.
The slippers, too, Peggy.
Oh, a pair of slippers isn't gonna give you your dignity back.
You were humped by a dolphin.
Come on, Peggy.
Yes.
That's so true.
You're so wise.
There, take it all back.
I don't want your payoff.
What do you want?
Money?
Publicity?
I want to see to it that no one has to go through what I went through.
Except for a female dolphin.
You sign the agreement.
Our lawyers will do what it takes to protect the good name of Lagranta.
Why must you speak through guys like him?
Why is it never me?
Here you go, darling.
Hey, hey, what's this?
Who are you, the parking guy?
Okay, I'm not handicapped.
Go ahead, run.
Because I'm so running away from you.
From now on, I'm gonna dress anywhere I want and you're just gonna have to deal with it.
You think you can touch anyone you want, anywhere you want?
You think it's okay because no one says it's not?
Okay!
You threw me in the pool!
Good job!
I don't care!
I was going for a swim anyway!
You know, people pay a lot of money to swim in here.
So you gave it to me for free.
Thanks, pal.
Hey, I owe you one.
Maybe I'll buy you a beer.
Hey, hey, what are you?
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Let's all wish Duke good luck as he begins his return to the ocean.
Goodbye, Duke.
Goodbye.
You're a long little boy.
Goodbye, Duke.
I love you.
Mom, can I have a t-shirt?
Thank you, Uncle Hank.
You're welcome, Luanne.
Can I send in the video to win animals' attack now?
I don't think so.
We could split the money.
That's not necessary.
I can have it all?
Luan, give me the tape.
I already sent it in, I thought you'd say yes.
I never get brunch.
