Not enough for you?
Shut up, Bill.
You've said that three times.
What the dang?
Damn, you should have seen your faces.
Very witty, Colonel.
What brings you to our humble alley this afternoon?
Well, all the money I inherited from Topsy's estate got me to thinking.
Topsy's dead.
I lived my last friend.
Dang, it makes a man feel invincible.
Congratulations on once again outrunning the Reaper, sir.
He gets better than that.
Topsy left me $10,000 to take care of his funeral.
So after the cremation and ash bag, I'm still up $9,920.
Well, that's great.
You can finally get your Cadillac car back from Lane Pratley so you don't have to keep taking the bus everywhere.
Heck, I bet you'll have enough left over to buy a certificate of deposit.
Car payments?
CDs?
That ain't good enough for Topsy.
I'm gonna use the money to do what he would have done.
He'll raise it in girl chasing.
And I'm gonna need someone to help me.
Errr... Fetty!
Sir!
Ain't you in the army?
Sergeant Barber, sir!
Fetty, you're my new friend.
Congratulations!
Really?
Me?
Thank you, sir!
What are we gonna do first?
Should I change my shirt?
Take my shirt off.
Get a new shirt!
So that cotton says, I bet Fatty here can eat 50 potatoes, and the bartender said no way, which of course was a terrible insult to the colonel's honor.
Long story short, I was pronounced legally dead.
But it was a heck of a weekend.
Yeah, we're there.
What else you got to get into around here?
Me and Topsy's money are getting bored.
If you're looking for fun, I've got a super long extension cord.
We could see what it would be like to make toast in the alley.
Nope.
Only thing that makes sense is to head for the place where a man with a marathon dollars can live like a king, suckling on God's great teeth.
Mexico.
Margaritas and sangaritas.
Amen, Fetty.
What?
No.
No way.
I got a brochure from a timeshare in Mexico.
It looks beautiful.
You're going to buy a timeshare in Mexico?
We don't have to buy.
We can stay for free.
And all we have to do is listen to a 20-minute information session.
Perfect.
We can save our money for hookers and bribing federales.
Dad, we have good relations with Mexico right now.
I'm not going to let you jeopardize that, especially when you should be doing something useful with that money.
Don't worry, Hank.
I'll be with him.
Bill, these timeshare people will clean you out.
Now, all OK making toast in the alley, but you two aren't going anywhere.
You can't control your wife, and she's only half the man I am.
Fatty, pack your most colorful pants.
We're going to Mexico.
Ugh, it's so hot!
This corn is practically cooking!
Now, Bobby, the more you complain about the heat, the hotter it feels.
I'm worried about my dad.
I'm gonna have to go down to that timeshare with him and make sure he doesn't do something crazy.
Plus, I'll be babysitting Bill.
His wages are still being garnished by Columbia House.
The timeshare is the last thing he needs.
You be careful too, Hank.
You're going down there with a liver, two kidneys, and no timeshare.
I expect you to come back the same way.
Well, if an at-risk kid can't get me to order sports illustrated, no one's gonna sell me a timeshare.
Oh, God, why won't the sun go down?
Get back, you drive slow, boy!
The Mexican speed limit is still a speed limit, Dad.
Hey, Fatty, I got a game that'll help pass the time.
Who do you think is uglier?
Hank's mother or Hank's wife?
Here it comes, Bobby.
Hi, Peggy.
You're sweating like a pig.
Dale, if you block my sprinkle turn, I will take you down.
That's for amateurs.
I'm stalking the big gallonage.
Thanks, Wyatt, for seeing every cube.
Take your time.
Wow, this is pretty nice.
Welcome.
Welcome.
Or as we say in El Grande Vista, bien venido.
Look, Rich, I just want to be honest so there are no hard feelings.
We're not interested in buying, especially Bill.
I appreciate that.
But it's my job to make sure everyone hears our dumb little spiel.
After that, we can start your free world-class vacation.
Oh, do they make swim diapers in my size?
Because I don't ever want to get out.
Look, Peggy, I can do a one-handed handstand.
See?
This house is in truly moving condition.
to take our pool away.
I can't go back to the lawn.
You, find us another pool.
This is O'Kelly, our founder.
Wow.
O'Kelly has incredible gifts.
We're lucky he used them to build the world's finest time shares.
It's strange.
I fear him, but I am not afraid.
All right, I got three up.
Wendy?
I know.
I've got the bald fat guy who's gonna look down my shirt.
Mitch, you take grandpa, and then there's Mr. Consumer Reports.
Leave it to me.
I just hope I'm good enough.
You seem like a kind of man who'd really enjoy O'Kelly's company.
He's an adventurer?
Explorer?
Nah, yeah.
Smells like strawberries, peas, ginger, beer.
Don't care.
I know how you feel, Mr. Hill.
Afraid to take a chance.
If you're like me, your wife would tan your hide if you thought for yourself.
Yep, that's why I'm not buying.
I'm a big frady cat.
I'm barely even a man.
My wife chases me around with a rolling pin.
It's got nothing to do with time shares being one of the worst investments there is.
Bill, an attractive man like yourself.
Bye-bye!
Congratulations!
I think you'll find... Oh, it seems this card has been denied.
I got other cards.
Do you take blockbuster?
Oh, wait!
I forgot about this, baby.
It has no credit limit.
I hear you, Hank, but let me ask you this.
How much do you spend on an average vacation?
Bill, no!
I'm holding on to this, and I'm not letting you out of my sight.
No one is buying a timeshare.
Congratulations on your new timeshare, Colonel!
Oh, Kelly, sounds like he's got the smarts of Topsy, the gumption of Brooklyn, and the moxie of fat Brooklyn.
He's like all my old dead friends rolled into one big live friend!
Yes!
Good Brooklyn!
Absolutely!
Look, I don't know anything about this O'Kelly guy, but you were in a sales pressure-induced daze and they made you sign something you didn't understand.
We'll get you out of this.
I don't want out.
Damn it, boy, quit acting like a door jam and get on board.
Maybe you should think about it, Colonel Hill.
Our policy here is if you decide you don't want to live life to the fullest, you've got 12 hours to back out.
In the meantime, why don't you enjoy a bite at one of our world-class restaurants?
Here are some owner's coupons for 10% off.
You see that, boy?
What do you get with your precious triple-A card?
They don't even take those here!
Isn't it beautiful?
Last time I was here, they were puppies.
Now, which one of you is scamp?
That hairdryer?
Mine.
Copy Elysia Properties Monthly?
Mine.
Oh, looky here.
They got the water that don't give you the hot poops.
Swanky.
Look, I admit it's a great room, but I saw an ad that anyone can rent the same O'Kelly suite for $35 a night.
You're paying three times that.
Gimme, Hank.
Do you know what's out there?
Oh, Kelly's private yacht.
Manned 24 hours a day by the creme de la creme of the Mexican Navy.
Got a private chef.
Used to work for Content Flash.
I don't see anything.
Well, that's because you're looking with renter's eyes.
Nothing, I see it.
You get in good with O'Kelly, you get on that yacht.
That's the kind of lifestyle you buy into here at El Grande Vista.
But you're not really buying.
It says in their own brochure, Americans cannot own land in Mexico.
If I don't own anything, why am I paying all these maintenance fees and property taxes?
Good boy!
You've still got ten hours to get out, Dad.
I ain't getting out of anything.
I like it here.
Patty, let's go to the owner's pool.
Just pour it in, Miss Norkle!
Pour it in!
Colonel!
You're a world traveler, so I'm sure you appreciate the international details O'Kelly insists on.
Italian ain't marble, Mexican cacti.
We're proud of saying it's the Casa with Clasa.
Yeah, becoming an owner was the best thing I did with the money I inherited.
I should have brought top these ashes down here and spread them over a senior reader.
Rich, you're all right, all right.
But you know what?
I don't get Hank was saying, if you buy a timeshare in Mexico, you can't even own it because you're a foreigner.
How can you buy something that you can't own?
Well, that's true.
My son is a jackass and a killjoy, but that is a puzzler.
Bill, why don't you get us some chips and salsa?
What that can do?
No level with me, Rich.
Is it true?
Because I only got six hours to make up my mind.
Colonel, I wasn't supposed to tell you this because you're not an owner yet, but you've already been handpicked by O'Kelly to join his El Presidente Circle.
It's an elite group of owners, very exclusive.
You'd have a condo on El Presidente Island, use of O'Kelly's helicopter, human to our privileges.
You'll receive your own El Presidente Medal of Achievement.
It all happens aboard O'Kelly's yacht tomorrow night.
Assuming you decide to stay.
And pick, eh?
Eh, I could chew that over.
Uh, your friend.
I don't know how to put this.
O'Kelly's yacht may be big, but there's not always room on it for everyone.
Hey!
Sorry, sir!
I'm done with you!
Get back in!
Sir, please swim to the shallow end.
Dad!
Dad!
Sir, please stop that.
Bill?
Your dad doesn't need me anymore.
He dumped me for O'Kelly.
Bill, I've only got a couple of hours to get my dad out of this deal, and I can't do it alone.
I need you.
Turn it all, you're from Fesa, that's muy grande.
Hurry up, Bill.
They're measuring my dad for a sombrero.
I'm almost through.
I'm almost through.
Ow!
There's the fence.
Dang it.
We'll never get to him in time.
He's going to lose every penny.
Maybe we should just give up and let him enjoy himself.
I mean, a month ago he didn't even have that money.
No, this is important.
I can't let him get ripped off.
Beautiful, Colonel.
Very authentic.
I came down here to protect my dad, and damn it, that's what I'm going to do.
We've got to get to rich.
Just look after those guys in the feathers.
They worked me over pretty good after they kicked me out of the pool.
Leave this to me.
I'll distract them.
I mean, it's really vacation as investors.
I am going to go and eat some of O'Kelly's penguins!
Americans cannot own land in Mexico!
Americans cannot own land in Mexico!
I'm sorry, he's not a member.
Okay, you little weasel.
I'm not letting you steal any more of my dad's money.
Steal?
Hank, your dad is an adult.
He has a right to spend his own money and this is how he wants to spend it.
And I should tell you, with your father a member of El Presidente, I think O'Kelly would look very favorably on your application.
But he doesn't even have anything.
He lives in an apartment and only gets $300 a month pension.
He can't even afford real Cheerios.
He eats something called Oat Loops.
It's made right around here.
What?
But then, how can we raise his monthly ownership dues?
And if he's not a homeowner, then what are we gonna foreclose on?
Fine.
You want your dad out of this?
He's out.
Dad, you there?
I've got something to talk about with you.
And which cufflinks do you think O'Kelly would like more?
The ones that look like bisms?
Or the ones that look like guns?
Why are y'all dressed up?
You only become El Presidente once, boy!
I wanna look sharp tomorrow night when I board O'Kelly's yacht.
And a great man himself hands me my El Presidente Medal of Achievement.
Uh, that's why I came by.
I, uh... I gotta admit, Hank, since all my buddies kicked off, things just ain't felt right.
But now I got me some place where I belong.
Uh, yeah, we need to talk about that.
Nothing to talk about.
I was born, I lived, then I got to be ill, Presidente, and that made it all worthwhile.
I've tried to help my dad and I've made everything worse.
Meeting O'Kelly has become his whole reason for living.
I got hit in the head, Hank.
I can't hear too well.
Is this butter or water?
May I have your coupons, please?
We don't have any coupons.
Then what are you doing here?
He's gonna be devastated when he can't get on that damn yacht.
I'm not gonna let this happen.
I'm going to the one place that can get something done about it.
Mr. Hill, I've had a lot of complaints about timeshers, but they're pretty tough contracts to get out of.
No, I already got him out of his contract.
The problem is, my dad wants to be an El Presidente-level member.
Oh.
And they won't let him in because he's...
Why won't they let him in?
Because you can't be an El Presidente member unless you buy a timeshare.
So you want me to get your father into El Presidente for free?
Yeah, that would be great.
I got it.
Why don't we slap an embargo on all of Mexico till Rich lets him in?
You know, starve him out.
I'm kidding, Mr. Hill.
Well, hello there.
We are your new next door neighbors.
You're gonna love us!
What happened to the Petersons?
Unclear.
So what do you say?
How about a swim, neighbor?
Neighbor?
Neighbor!
Neighbor!
What do you mean I ain't on the list?
I'm sorry, Colonel.
This is very awkward.
Awkward?
Awkward is me slicing your belly open.
Now let me on that yacht.
But I was handpicked by O'Kelly.
Oh.
You just can't beat these guys, Hank.
Yeah, well, I gotta find some way to get inside there.
I'm off to urinate on the statue of O'Kelly!
Look, Rich, I know I asked you to let my dad out of that timeshare, but I didn't realize how much El Presidente meant to him.
Can you just let him back in so he can get on that boat tonight?
I'd love to, Hank, but I don't know.
There's a lot of paperwork to do not to mention some pretty steep express processing fees.
But maybe there is a way we could overlook all of that.
Yeah?
If Cotton recommended someone who bought, say, a weak at El Grande Vista, maybe O'Kelly would reconsider him.
Oh, God.
Oh, no.
Hank, how much do you spend on a typical vacation?
I can't thank you enough, Mr. Hill.
I was about to lose my job and my wife.
Save it, Jim.
He's in the back.
Great.
Sign here, here, and here.
Yep.
Yep.
Yes.
Hey, Dad.
So, how was El Presidente?
Did you get to meet O'Kelly?
I wish I could tell you, boy, but go to the El Presidente.
What happens on that yacht stays on that yacht.
Hey, Rich told me we're gonna buy a week here at the Vista.
Hell, that's great news!
That's right, Dad.
Well, I'll leave you two owners.
Please accept these coupons for soup and half a sandwich.
Look how beautiful it is, boy.
I told you I knew how to spend that money.
Hey, Captain Couldn't have spent it better himself.
Now you're right about that, Dad.
This was a great investment, I'll tell you what.
But, Hank, I thought you said Americans can't own land in Mexico.
A great investment.
Just pour it in the snorkel!
Pour it!
