Who's getting chocolate milk if he sits still?
I'm getting chocolate milk if I sit still.
Hey, Bobby, how do you like to come to the barber shop with me tomorrow?
I don't think it's up to you, Hank.
Or you, Bobby.
Peggy, you've put in 12 great years cutting Bobby's hair.
And he's been very good about it.
But Bobby's a big boy now, and I think he can handle seeing those copies of Esquire Jack has lying around.
I get to go to Jack.
Bobby, you start going to him now, maybe in a couple of years you can call him Jack.
You can help me pick out my new haircut, Mom.
We'll talk about it over chocolate milk.
Chocolate milk?
Oh, no.
You're much too big a boy for chocolate milk.
Mm.
Hey, Jack.
So, what'll it be?
The Roger Starback or the Rookie Roger Starback?
Well, the Strickland Propane Christmas card photo is coming up and it's important that my customers recognize me.
So I think I'll just have the same haircut I've gotten every two weeks for the past 20 years.
Is that the Starback or the Rookie Starback?
Uh, the Starback.
I can't do that!
I don't have a stapler!
I mean the... the... the... the thing you use.
It takes off the hair.
Uh, you know what, Jack?
I'll just take a rain check.
No problem.
Give my best to Marcy!
Well, how's it looking?
Uh, fine.
Everything's fine.
Hop on up, little bunny.
Oh, that's okay.
I just remembered I'm growing my hair out to a modified Troy Aitman.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I almost forgot.
Come on, let's go, Bobby.
Not so fast.
You sat nice and still.
Here you go.
I'll save it for later, how about?
Start licking!
Here's a picture of you with normal hair mowing your lawn three months ago.
And here is a download of you at the post office minutes ago.
See the guy in the beard pointing and laughing at your head?
That's me!
Well, no one else is laughing.
Hey, Hank.
What'd you do to your hair?
It's a nightmare, isn't it?
Oh, my, yes.
He feathered in the back where he usually tapers.
I find it unsubtle, but it's a way to go.
Used to see it more.
Clawdakens, Ross Martin, Robert Stack, James MacArthur on the third season of 5.0.
That's not what I asked for at all.
Of course I am a trained Army barber.
Ah, well, this was on a need-to-know basis, but...
Word is that Jack is loosing it.
Heard he was arrested for running naked with a straight razor and a barber pole.
I have been very respectful of your relationship with Jack over the years, but if you're ditching him, give me a little time.
I believe I can put together over 20,000 references.
I'm not leaving Jack.
Jack's the only barber I've ever had.
He saved me from my father's haircuts.
45 seconds.
New record.
I think he cut my ear.
I think you cried more than the guy I killed out from under that helmet.
So Jack had a bad day.
Maybe somebody smooth talked him out of his pension or something.
Oh, well, I guess that explains the feathering.
Not an excuse.
Have a seat, Hank.
My 9 o'clock, 10 o'clock, and 11 o'clock canceled.
Uh, Jack.
This is tough to say.
I'm not the kind of person who would ask for any special treatment, and I still consider you a friend, but I'm not completely satisfied with my haircut.
I'm gonna have to ask you for a free touch-up.
You son of a bitch!
Slow down, Jack.
You tipped me two dollars!
That tip was a lie.
I'm sorry, Hank.
It's been a tough few weeks.
I'm just lucky everyone was wearing seatbelts.
Pop on up, pal.
Now take off your shirt.
What?
You're going back into work, aren't you?
Lunchtime haircut, you take off your shirt.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Got it.
Wait right here.
Mother did yours.
You said it, honey.
It's okay, everybody.
It's me, Hank Hill, assistant manager.
Continue with your business as if everything were normal.
I'll be working with my door closed for obvious reasons.
Hey, who got that door closed?
What's going on in there?
Good God, Hank.
You look like that fella killed the other fella.
Sir, I don't like to point fingers, but my barber is... Well, I did ask for a free touch-up, but no, no, he's out.
I still can't pay you for today.
Now take the afternoon off and turn your hair back to a boy's color!
Have a seat, Hank.
I'll be with you as soon as I'm done with this gentleman.
Uh...
Jack, uh, I couldn't do this over the phone.
Uh, Jack, we've had a great 25 years, but... You don't have to say it, Hank.
I'm getting out of the business.
I can't stand dealing with the jackasses anymore.
You were one of the good ones, Hank.
But your kid's a jackass.
McManerberry has to have a late-night barbershop.
Arlen has one, Hank.
And it's closer than you think.
Come on, let's go.
Peggy, do you know anything about dying hair?
What's to know?
Hello, Hank.
I heard about Jack.
I'm sorry.
How did you hear about Jack?
Well, it was on TV.
You didn't see the high-speed chase?
No, if there's anything I can help with,
It looks like there is.
Hank, I never cut civilian hair, but I've been looking at your head a long time.
Don't do this, Bill.
Trust me, it's not easy being my barber.
I know that.
You got those big, thick neck muscles that nod up when you're tense, leaving that deep, deep valley, and then the northern ridge runs almost transverse to the crown.
Worryed too much about those and you hit that scar over your left ear.
Seems like there's a story there.
You never shared it with me, but that's okay.
Cause you might think I'm a gossip and I probably am, but how the hell would you know if I'm a bad barber?
He's the same way with me.
You're an amateur, Peggy.
Jack was a legend, Hank, but when I come over to my best friend's house and I see this, you're calling me idiot!
I want my old life back.
Will you tell me one gut dang thing you know about cutting hair, Hank?
Huh?
What was that?
I'm sorry.
I didn't hear you.
Bill, how's it going to be in the alley if you screw it up?
I can do it, Hank.
If you don't like it, we'll never discuss it again.
You owe me a chance.
Can you dye it back?
There are 53 officers on that base who aren't wearing their natural hair color.
I dare you to pick them out.
I need your earliest appointment.
I got a 5 a.m.
and a 5 30 but I can squeeze you in at 6.
Okay then.
Okay then.
Bill?
Hank?
Heated some toaster pastries.
There's an excellent article about counterfeit truck parts.
Let's just do it.
How's that?
That's good.
Well, that's Jack good.
That's the haircut I want for the Strickland Propane Christmas card.
You did it, buddy.
Book me again in two weeks, and every two weeks for the next 25 years.
What do I owe you?
No, no, Hank.
This one's on me.
If I could just keep the hair.
No, no.
This is a great haircut.
I insist.
Geez, Hank, I don't even think I have a cash register.
Hank Hill always pays his barber.
Now, are you my barber or not?
I'll find a way to charge you, I promise.
I'll fill out all the proper forms and get the ball rolling.
Great.
And here's something for you.
Another offer to subscribe to the New Yorker.
I do not wish to subscribe to your publication.
Huh, something from the U.S.
Army.
Hope I'm not drafted.
$900 for a haircut?
Damn it, Bill.
And I'm sitting here cutting coupons.
I wish this bell were a mistake, Mr. Hill.
But that is how much it cost the Army to give someone a haircut.
We pay $80,000 for each military-grade barber chair?
The French make a chair that costs $110,000.
It's a damn good chair, but I'm not going to pay $110,000 for a barber chair.
Wasting all that money is like buying a haircut for Saddam Hussein.
And I hate Saddam Hussein.
I like his haircut, but that's it.
Look.
I know the chair is too much at 80,000, but then they give us a B2 bomber for 1.3 billion.
That's where we make it up.
Will you try getting a B2 bomber for 1.3 billion?
You can't do it.
It is a very nice haircut.
$900?
I'm sorry, Hank.
I had no idea how was that valuable.
So that's where the Army makes all its money.
Even Bill Clinton only spends $300 on his haircuts.
And for that, he gets the haircut plus a high colonic administered by Barbara Streisand.
I guess I should offer it.
If I was gonna pay $900 for a haircut, it would have to be an everlasting haircut.
Hank, you can't fight the army without declaring war.
Maybe if you had the Marines on your side.
They're better than us.
Hank, there's something here.
It's from the army.
Incoming!
It's a collection letter.
We don't want to haunt you, but all right, they asked for it.
I am going to write my congressman.
Representative Jim Powell thinks your problem and flag burning are among the biggest problems facing America today.
That's why Jim Powell has introduced House Resolution 11461.
It would ban flag burning in all... You never even read it.
I'd go see him in person, but no self-respecting bus company would let me on with hair like this.
Hey, I'm going to raise that money for you.
Can you do better on the ice crusher?
900 firm.
It only takes one.
Don't do it, Dale.
I'm not paying $900 for that haircut.
If I was going to waste $900, I'd get something useful, like a compound miter saw.
I thought you said I did a good job.
But what kind of fool would pay $900 for a haircut?
Now, Bill, I could really use a trim.
We could do it in my garage.
Now, I'm only allowed to cut hair at the base.
The U.S.
Army spent $3 million training me.
Forget the army.
It'll take you 10 minutes.
I'll vacuum myself.
Sorry, Hank.
You got your principles.
I got mine.
Half of a half of a percent.
What?
That's what you tip me.
Two dollars on a nine hundred dollar haircut is less than half of a half of a percent.
You don't need, Bill.
Boomhauer and I love our girl.
Yeah, man.
I tell you what, man.
A little old girl, man.
She's talking a mile a minute, man.
They don't like slow down, man.
They don't take no more, no moose, no gel, and it's all showering gold, man.
With me, it's all about speed.
I don't even have to take my hat off.
So that's where you get your hair cut, huh?
What's wrong with our hair?
I didn't say anything.
Well, she does pimp that conditioner pretty hard.
Oh, God, I need a hair net.
OK, look, Hank, why don't you go ahead and take my one o'clock with Ernst tomorrow?
Do not be late unless you want the coldest shampoo of your life.
That's him!
That's Hank Hill!
I think.
I've just been in touch with Congressman Jim Powell's office.
I'm here to present you with a whistleblower's award of $3,900, plus this point of light.
For me?
I didn't even know they kept that going.
What's the money for?
It's 10% of what you save the army by eliminating government waste.
This way... I like the old haircut better.
Yeah, I hear they're wearing it short in Guantanamo this summer.
It's the Ricky Martin influence.
Sir, would the captain like me to throw the lieutenant out of the chair, sir?
Sergeant, I have bad news.
The base is disbanding the barber unit.
They think we're inefficient.
Petition to reinstate has been filed, but that could take 20 years.
I'm sorry.
Report for reassignment in the morning.
Don't do it, son.
I got no place else to go.
$3,900.
We could get a new roof just for the heck of it.
You eliminated Bill, Bill laminator.
What?
The army shut down the sergeant barbers.
Now Bill has no purpose in the army either.
Oh no, is Bill alright?
I didn't ask.
I came straight here so I could see your face when you found out what you did.
Is that real crystal?
Hey look, you can make a prism.
Maybe you want to take off a little around the ears.
I'm sorry, that's not funny.
No, don't worry about me Hank.
The army made me a barber.
It's theirs to take away.
Bill, you're an artist.
You do things with hair that I've only seen other people do with wood.
Have you ever thought of going out on your own?
Oh, God, no.
And then I'd just be a barber.
And I wouldn't be cutting hair for my country.
Nah, just a bunch of clock till I'm ordered not to.
9 a.m.
is overstating it really.
Most days things don't get rolling till 10.30.
Hey, didn't I already give you a pen?
Yeah, you already gave me a pen.
What are you gonna do about it?
I can't leave my boot.
I'm out of the Strickland Christmas card.
Because of your hair?
But Christmas is eight months away.
Well, Mr. Strickland wanted an elf in the picture, and the Ireland midget spends his winners in Florida.
Damn it, customers will think I don't wish them a merry Christmas.
Hector wouldn't wear the antlers five years ago, and his sales have never recovered.
Wow.
You're taking this even harder than poor Bill.
You saw Bill?
Over at the high school job fair.
He was wiping eggs off his jeep.
Oh, wait.
And Dale has something he wants to tell you.
Um, okay.
They're auctioning off Bill's old barber equipment today, and he's absolutely heartbroken.
And, oh, and it's all your fault.
Try and look surprised.
That's the last time I go off base for a haircut.
Okay, who here knows how to cut hair?
Don't answer, it's a trick.
Here's the plan.
We have to get as much as we can for $3,900 less than $900 for the haircut and the 10% auction fee.
What's that come out to?
Say it again.
Oh, look over there.
That's Cole Kitten, the kingpin of the Army surplus auction world.
First item number 4801, Army Barber Chair, originally $80,000.
I'm gonna start the bidding at $2.
$3.
Four dollars.
Watch me take this guy out.
Five dollars!
Six dollars.
Two thousand nine hundred and ninety nine dollars.
Three thousand dollars.
I'll be honest, I get twenty dollars if I sign you up.
I'll give you half of it.
Dothrieve, in, now!
Dothrieve, your records have been doctored to show you as a master electrician with a security clearance for pinball repair.
But your actual mission is to stand at this privately donated chair.
Which does not exist, do you understand me?
And do the only thing you're good at.
But sir, what if somebody sees?
Don't ask, don't tell.
That policy's gotta work for something.
I'm gonna need the combs and the jar.
I don't know how to... There's no time.
The Strickland Christmas card shoot is in an hour.
But I haven't cut hair in a week!
Commence cutting!
Yes, sir!
Alright, let's take this thing.
Wait!
Oh, God, I need a hair net!
