It's hot again.
It's Indian summer.
Okay, Joe Jack, you're on spatulas.
Enrique, accessories.
If we get any more crowded, we'll go zone.
Can I just get my tank filled?
You know, I could do this on the internet for half the price.
I've been here longer than him.
Service means serve us?
He's right.
Ugh!
Great.
You're taking a break.
Well, this all looks normal.
Normal?
I spent all day at work bent over like an L. Good posture is one of a salesman's most potent weapons.
I'm sorry, Mr. Hill.
I understand it's painful, but soft tissue injury just doesn't show up on film.
Huh.
So how do you fix it?
Well, there's really nothing I can do.
Your back needs his rest.
Just have your office send over your workers' compensation forms, and I'll sign off on them.
Workers' comp?
Do I look like a hobo to you?
No, sir.
I'm not going on welfare.
It's Indian summer.
Well, if you insist on working, I'll write you a prescription for pain medicine.
Whoa there, Dr. Feelgood.
I work at a propane dealership, not Woodstock.
Then I'm sorry, but all Western medicine can really offer you our drugs and nothing.
But some people have had good luck with yoga.
I hear there's a studio over in McMainerbury.
Yoga?
Isn't that a cult?
The group that rented the space before them was a cult.
That's probably what you're thinking of.
So those are my choices.
Workers' comp, drugs, or yoga?
Oh, I hate to ask you this, but I'm gonna need some help putting my pants back on.
I hope I'm not being fussy.
Actually, I know I'm not.
But you put my canned tomatoes on top of my bread and my chicken right next to my bleach.
So?
So I think my family deserves better than poisoned chicken sandwiches on crushed bread.
Manager on four, please.
Forget the ID, Mandy.
Just sell her the cigarettes.
This lady's got some deal about the chicken or the bag or something.
Peggy?
Do you know who this lady is?
This is Peggy Platter, the greatest bagger the Pink and White ever saw.
I'm Peggy Hill now, but I think I still remember which end the food goes into.
It's been a long time since I was on this side of the dairy case.
Those were the days, huh, Pete?
Me cutting my teeth in produce, you anchoring check stand three, regular dream team.
I know you got pressure milk back there.
Put it out.
Ah, everything's changed.
Ever since Megalomart started selling groceries, all folks want is low prices, convenient parking, and huge selection.
I can't compete.
Yes, you can.
With great old-fashioned service.
The kind I used to deliver.
Peggy, are you saying?
No, I'm not saying I'm bagging.
Pete, fire up your label maker.
I'm gonna need a name tag.
Relax.
I'm going to move the energy from your thighs to your buttocks now.
Hey, is my back straight?
Face the wall!
Uh, hello.
I was wondering if yoga can help my back, because it hurts like all... Huh?
Let me tell you a story.
Once I was like you, skeptical, nearsighted, punchy, then I met a special friend.
This glorious friend took me to places I thought I'd never... Excuse me, but is this one of those stories where this special friend of yours turns out to be yoga?
What time do you evacuate your bowels?
What?
There's only one right answer.
Between four and six in the morning.
Well, this was a great way to spend a lunch hour.
Lunch is one of the worst things you can do to yourself!
Dad, I learned how to do wheelie.
Watch.
Pretty impressive, son.
Extreme.
How was it?
Crap wheelie.
Dad, you look like that old man we hate getting stuck behind in the buffet line at Lulies.
Yeah, I just got a little knot in my back.
It's nothing.
Have you tried walking it off?
That's great advice, Bobby.
I'll finish up here, then walk it off a little later.
I didn't want to tell Bobby this, but I spent all morning trying to walk it off.
I guess we're just getting old.
I used to be able to pull my thumb back this far without it hurting.
Now when I do it, it hurts.
It was easier back in high school when you didn't feel so great.
Coach Sowers would just give you some of those go-pills and you felt like you could take on the Dallas Cowboys.
Ain't you talking about them dang old go-pills, man?
Talk about that old horse crank, man.
Yeah, Coach's special vitamins really did the trick.
I broke my leg going for a touchdown and I didn't realize it for two days.
Took seven police officers to get me into that ambulance.
Well, I may not have go-pills, but I have something else that's gonna get me through this.
My work ethic.
Here, here!
Oh, fine, I'll use a coaster.
Okay, big day today, folks.
Joe Jack, get those tanks polished.
Donna, where are those P.O.
's I asked for?
I'm Melinda.
Oh, sorry, the new shoes threw me.
Maybe you should just go home.
What are you talking about?
Uh, brown shoes?
I'm fine.
Uh, I'm just gonna move this over there.
And now for the test.
I'm ready, Chet.
Open the line.
Paper or plastic?
Plastic.
That was a rhetorical question.
Hank, I had the most amazing day.
Maybe good bagging doesn't save lives, but I'd like to see a heart surgeon pack a watermelon and light bulbs in the same bag.
Yeah, uh, could you open this freezer for me?
I got it started.
Hank, this is ridiculous.
You're gonna file for workers comp and lie around this house until you are healthy.
No.
What kind of message am I sending Bobby if I get paid for laying around doing nothing?
Maybe you're right.
How's your back, honey?
Great, Joe Jack.
How's your gambling problem?
Ugh, I'm sorry, Joe Jack.
I'm just a little under... Hank, I can't have my salespeople all hunched over talking to themselves.
It ain't good for business.
You give any thought to going on workers' comp.
Rest easy, Mr. Strickland.
That's not gonna happen.
Well, slow down, old top.
If you go on workers' comp, I can have Joe Jack's cousin fill in for you for half the pay and still have half to buy my new lady some studio time.
Mr. Strickland, as long as I'm breathing, I'm gonna do my job.
Now, if you'll excuse me, sir, I have some new tongs that need displaying.
I'm okay.
I'm okay.
Enrique, could you hand me one of those workers' comp forms and a pen?
Wait, never mind.
There's a bunch under this desk.
So, what are we looking at here?
Slip and fall, carpal tunnel.
Oh, here it is.
Lifted two propane tanks at once.
Yeah, I almost wrote temporary insanity.
Boy, a lot of paperwork, huh?
Hmm, it's half my job.
The other half is exposing fakers.
Why would anybody fake it?
I love the look on a customer's face when I top off their propane tank.
The government can't send me that kind of satisfaction in the mail.
Mr. Hill, you can take it down a notch.
Okay, you need to see a doctor.
I already saw a doctor.
Just for fun.
See our doctor.
There's nothing here, but you say that you can't straighten up.
Well, maybe the first thing we should look at... What did you do that for?
It slipped.
As I was saying, back injuries vary.
I've found the best course of treatment.
What the god dang?
Oh, well played, Mr. Hill.
It's my medical opinion that you might not be faking.
Go home, wait for your check.
Well, aren't you going to help me?
I don't want a check.
I just want to get back to work.
I already said well played, Mr. Hill.
Back trouble?
You look like you could use a second opinion.
Dorn cartilage, hernia, stress, trauma.
Oh, we're gonna need a lot more x-rays.
More?
I've had 40 gut-dang x-rays in two days.
I don't know what he said, making money was easy, Mr. Hill.
Think of getting x-rays as your new job.
Oh, and for your emotional distress, here's the number of a very sympathetic lawyer.
Accidente?
Hey, this guy's on TV.
This consultation is over.
And you have a great day here.
Oh, you know, bagging groceries has given me a strange window into people's lives.
I put their secrets in a paper sack.
I tell them to have a great day, but I'm not sure they do.
I'm up to three beers on my lunch break.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
All I want to do is go to work, and everybody's acting like I'm trying to pull off some kind of scam.
Your shoes untied, Bill.
How embarrassing.
I thought I'd remove the laces from these shoes.
Man, you've been knocked down your prime, man.
Just talking about that old Brian song, man.
That part where you're going to talk about hanging their pick.
You'll see, Hank.
Lying around the house alone all day, it ain't so bad.
After a while, your couch and your TV will become your mother and father.
The couch is your mother.
Clearly you are not yet comfortable being a leech on the system.
Slyther into America's large intestine and clamp on, Hank.
Sorry, Dale, but that's not for me.
My first workers' comp check came today and I don't even want to open it.
Well, if you're determined to hold on to your blind prejudice against being a parasite, maybe you should go see John Redcorn.
Nancy used to get his deep massages and come home length as a noodle.
Oh, Hank, you look lonely down there.
Bill.
Sorry.
Bye.
Uh... Hank?
Uh, funny story, John Redcorn.
See, I'm in terrible pain.
Yeah, so, uh, this is my first massage.
Put your face in the hole, Hank.
Can you make the lights any brighter?
That's as bright as they go.
Is this Luther Vandross?
Teddy Pindigress.
Can you, uh, turn it off?
No, it's wired to the lights.
Guess I'll begin.
Yeah.
I was also thinking about yoga.
Yoga's great.
Do it, man.
Forget the massage.
Oh, look who's come crawling back.
Hank, why does your yoga mat say welcome?
Because where I get my mats, they don't sell yoga mats.
And let's get started with Pavanamaktasana.
That's a funny name.
Pavanamook.
It means the wind relieving pose.
Why do they call it that?
Oh.
Breathe through your feet.
Draw the air from the floor through your ankles.
Breathe through your feet.
You know most men desire control.
Yogis control desire.
Excuse me, Victor.
Uh... Victor?
Vic?
Yogi, Victor?
Yes?
We've been doing these stretches for half an hour.
When do we start the yoga?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Hank, do you tell your blood to start moving through your veins or the air to start filling your lungs?
You probably do.
You know, Vince Lombardi won five championships without ever using sarcasm.
He just yelled and shoved people.
Until you learn how to do that, I'm out of here.
Hey, I'm bending.
Son of a gun, it's working.
It's not working, it is.
This is the first time I've ever been disgusted by the human body.
As you breathe into this pose, remember I have a new relaxation tape of me making ocean noises.
And Friday night, my band will be performing at the pita pocket on Wembley Road.
The pain, it's gone.
I'm better, I can finally quit this nonsense.
One can't leave yoga, Hank.
Yoga... Yeah, yeah, yeah, everything is one way, then it's the opposite.
Gotta go.
I saw a man and a woman buying the same kind of soup, and I introduced them.
Maybe I can even find someone for you, Pete.
Heck, who'd want a 40-year-old supermarket manager?
Mm, good point.
Peggy, my back's all better.
Yep, that yoga mumbo jumbo almost drove me crazy, but you can't argue with this.
Oh!
I know!
Where are you going?
To work.
Dang it, it's already five.
I wonder if I'll be able to sleep tonight.
God, I feel great.
Say fraud.
I'm gonna leave a little early, pick up a It's Good to Be Back cake for the gang.
Feeling better, Mr. Hill?
I knew you were a fraud from the get-go.
Fraud?
What?
No, I've only been better a few hours.
Sure.
Let me guess.
You were just on your way to work.
I was.
Look at my shirt.
Oh, please.
My teenage daughter has a work shirt that says Hank.
Mr. Hill, the law takes a very dim view of workers' comp fraud.
Oh, God.
Are we talking about the Bunko Squad?
I'll see you at the fraud inquiry.
Feel free to wear the shirt.
I'd love to help you, Hank, but you're on your own.
Mr. Strickland.
I know you're telling the truth, but when I get on the stand, I got a nasty habit of incriminating myself.
We can't have us both in the pokey.
What about Team Strickland?
Yeah, I never understood what you meant by that, Hank.
Now, I need to get Jasmine to the studio.
I got a record to produce.
Put out that cigarette.
You're gonna hurt your pants.
I was going crazy when I was out of work for a week.
Now I could be out of propane forever.
Who's gonna hire a guy convicted of fraud?
Oh, I'll hire you, Hank.
I can always use a convict to blame my shoddy work on.
Mr. Hill, workers' comp fraud is a very big problem in this state.
You know how many mailmen slipped on ice last year?
412.
You know how much ice we got in Texas?
None.
Mr. Chairman, I know you see me as a cheat and a fraud, but back when I played football at Arlen High, I called a penalty on myself for illegal motion.
Wait, you played for Arlen?
Yep, running back.
What a probably one state if our special teams and my ankle hadn't broken down.
I played for Arlen, too.
Class of 75.
I was one of the sattastic four.
Wait, you were the one who yelled, it's clobbering time.
Mr. Hill, you seem like a decent guy, and I'd really like to believe you.
But you don't have pictures.
This lady has pictures.
She took those after I did my yoga.
You did yoga?
Are you sure you played American football, not soccer?
No, no, I hate soccer.
I just went to that place because, uh, Mr. Chairman, if it pleases the fraud hearing, I would like to call a surprise witness.
Wow, we've never had one of those before.
I think so.
This room has an awful energy.
Now, which one of you doubts my powers?
You.
You.
You.
Calm down, fella.
Your powers aren't under investigation here.
Now, could you please tell us about Mr. Hill's rehabilitation?
I can attest that he came to class complaining of debilitating back pain, attended three classes, and he left.
He bought new merchandise and complained about the incense.
Okay, and for the record, could you explain the nature of your yoga treatment?
I could try, but how could you put this into the record?
Mr. Hill, this guy is not helping your case.
Exactly.
Let me ask you, what healthy person would voluntarily spend five minutes with this joker?
If I wasn't in horrible pain, wouldn't I have kicked this guy's ass?
Yeah.
We find for Hank Hill.
Congratulations.
Oh, thank God.
Why are you rewarding this man for abandoning the yoga way?
Look at him.
He's clenched from his back muscles down to his inner eye.
You can't deny you still hurt.
Is that true, Mr. Hill?
Are you still experiencing any pain?
Just an occasional twinge.
I'm sorry, Mr. Hill, but we can't risk you having a relapse.
You're gonna have to continue your treatment.
I demand you buy a tank top.
I just had the most brilliant idea.
As a promotion, I could compete against some sort of bagging machine.
A Russian bagging machine.
Uh, I don't know if that's gonna happen, Peggy.
Pink and white's going out of business.
Turns out people really do care more about low prices than good bagging.
I can't believe it.
Chet and I got offers from Megalomart.
Why didn't you come with?
Mm-mm, not for me.
Maybe in another 20 years people will appreciate bagging again.
Sure doesn't look like it.
And when they do, Peggy Hill will be ready.
That jackass at the yoga center calls this one sun salutation, but I prefer modified Roger Stabak.
Hey, I feel like I won with everything right now.
I just felt Machokra open, honey.
Now we're going to move into something I call fertilizing the lawn.
Ha ha ha ha!
