This is definitely my good side.
The cheekbone, the eyebrow.
It all comes together nicely.
This side, I'm all chin.
Well.
Uh, hey guys.
Don't we all do weird things when we think no one's watching?
Well, I'll be going now.
Get him!
I wanna live!
You're right, he is funny.
Told ya, I wanna live.
Good one, Bobby.
Bobby Hill, we want you to be a powder puff cheerleader with us.
Here's your pom-poms.
We got spirit.
How about you?
It's gonna be a test of will and strength to have fake boobs and not be touching them all the time.
I don't see what's funny about powder puff.
The girls playing football, the football players and skirts cheering them on.
Maybe you're not getting the joke.
We get to dress like girls and act like girls.
It's funny.
Hi, Bobby!
I'm gonna make you a roast!
A roast?
Crossdressing's been done, Joseph.
I know I had a prop comedy phase, but I've grown.
I've been watching reruns of Seinfeld, and I'm impressed with the observational humor.
That's where my comedy is now.
Hell!
Two-man huddle!
Let's go!
Okay...
I hear your jokes and bits and skitches are hilarious.
They better be.
I've got a losing football program and the only thing that's going to save my bacon is a good powder puff game.
Yeah, but isn't powder puff about girls playing football?
Nobody watches the girls.
It's all about you boys and your tongue fooling us.
Mess this up and I'll be back teaching math to the slow pokes.
Have you seen this?
Yeah, PTA having another fundraiser.
If you don't give them money, they threaten you with volunteering job.
Swipe credit card, avoid conflict.
Oh no, this time I'm calling their bluff.
I'm gonna go to one of those meetings and volunteer.
Yeah, my time was more than that.
Well, mine is not.
Isn't the word carburetor redundant since it already has the word car in it?
Shouldn't it just be called meraders?
Well, actually, Bill, the word... Hey, everybody!
Guess whose star athlete son has been selected for powder puff cheerleading?
My son!
Joseph Gribble was chosen!
Dale, we were in the middle of an important conversation.
Yeah, Dale.
Hank didn't want to talk about powder puff football.
He wants to talk about beraters.
Maybe we could just stand quietly.
That's fine.
I'll just carry on an internal dialogue.
Yes!
Is this the PTA meeting?
I'm so glad I'm not late.
Oh, but you are.
We take our first break after 20 minutes.
It gets pretty intense.
People need a macaroon.
I see.
We avoid a lot of tears this way, but you should feel free to cry on my shoulder.
Or any other body part you want.
Excuse me, but aren't you... Yes, PJ Finster.
Hunch in Co's dad.
Time!
I now call this meeting back to order.
I'd like to propose an allocation of funds to pay for more janitorial supplies.
They've been cleaning just water for a week.
We finish new business before the break.
Okay, but there's a stickiness issue.
Harle, I left a high-powered law firm to spend time with my family, and I'm giving up time with my family to be here.
If you want to talk stickiness, put your hand on the kitchen counter at my house.
Well put.
Excuse me, I'm new here.
Peggy Hill.
Now, those animal soap carvings the kids make in art class?
What if we repurpose those?
Nobody likes them anyway.
You know, normally I shun newcomers, but that kind of out-of-the-box thinking is going to get you on the PTA fast track.
You get me.
Uh, just be ashamed to throw it out.
It's only 15 years old.
Hey, Bobby.
You're not gonna believe what happened to me today.
I got picked for powder puff cheerleading.
Don't worry, I've got some great ideas about how to get out of it.
They can't make me cheer if they think I have lockjaw.
Huh?
What do you think, Dad?
I can't believe you got picked for Powderpuff.
Well, that's an honor usually reserved for football players.
This is great.
What?
I'm so happy for you, Hank.
You too, Bobby.
Good things don't usually happen to the unathletic.
Bobby, I had given up hope of you ever making a team.
But this is finally a chance to be part of a time-honored football tradition.
Uh-huh.
So you want me to dress up like a girl and run around with pom-poms?
Yes.
Hey, remember when I gave birth to a football?
Yeah, and we wrapped it in a baby blanket and kicked it through the goalpost.
I understand you think it's great and all, but comedy is very subjective.
And men and drag, well, I'm sorry, Dad, but it just isn't my thing.
It is now, Bobby, because you're going to be a cheerleader.
Now, let's go find you a dress.
Bobby, you can't throw a rock at a Rotary Club meeting without hitting a former Powderpuff cheerleader.
Tom Hutto down at AAA, Powderpuff.
David McDavid at Wide Track Motors, Powderpuff.
Bob Decker from Sentex Escrow, Powderpuff.
Great.
Now, the kind of brazier you choose as a cheerleader will determine your cheer personality.
Are you the fun-loving Buxom one or the flat-chested Brainiac?
This one, I guess.
Good choice.
Now, let's get you made up.
That doesn't look like bouncing and bouncing to me!
You're in over your head, Clehabber.
Help!
Comedy Paul Wilde!
Jerry Picker, no!
Help!
What do you think of all the boys blowing kisses to the crowd like a gaggle of beauty queens?
It's fine, I guess.
Oh boys, give it, let me blow kisses to your arm, turp to jelly.
Hill says it's funny.
Coach, coach.
Not now, Berth.
All right, pucker, smooths, and blow.
Kiss, kiss, kiss, kiss.
Alexis, I've noticed that there are 41 PTA committees.
I believe they can be condensed into a fewer number.
My estimate is 10, but my guesstimate is 6.
Great thinking, Peggy.
Sounds like a project for you, me, and PJ.
Yay!
I'll call home and have Lima start the kids' homework.
This might take a good long while, but I made a choice.
I stand by it and I have no regrets.
I hope one of you brought a sleeping bag big enough for two, or more.
Then we practiced popping each other's boob balloons, and then we practiced popping each other's butt balloons.
You're doing balloon work already?
Well, I'm sure Coach Cleanhammer knows what he's doing.
You know what would make your outfit perfect?
My old striped tube top!
I am not wearing mom's clothes.
Look, dad, this just isn't working for me.
I hate it.
Fine.
If you can't see how important this is, then go ahead and quit.
I'm free?
This is great!
Well, we'll see.
When you're face to face with your teammates, it might not be so easy to quit.
Are you kidding?
I've quit more things than you've started.
You call that the Muir?
I... I don't know what that means, sir.
When I say bet your eyelesses, I mean... BATEM!
Okay, now watch.
This is where he'll comes in.
See?
He's created a character.
The exasperated Bobby Soxer.
Princess.
Now that's funny!
Actually, guys, I've got something to tell you.
Everybody listen up.
He's got something to tell us.
Yeah, the thing is... He's continuing?
I needed to tell you guys that.
Anything?
Anything at all you can say to help these boys?
First of all, Kurt, your pantyhose should be darker and baggier.
And Eric, you shouldn't wear pantyhose at all.
You got hairy legs in middle school, don't waste that.
We're gonna need props.
So how'd they take it?
Well, they took it pretty good.
Because I'm staying.
I knew you couldn't let him down.
Thanks for making me dress up like a girl, Dad.
You know that after this is over, you can't do this anymore, right?
Oh, I know.
Meeting adjourned.
So, congratulations, Peggy.
Your restructuring proposal passed with flying colors.
Thank you.
I'm just glad I got through my argument before all the whooping from the powder puff cheerleading practice started.
What is going on out there exactly?
Could you explain it to me in detail?
If I have to miss circle time at Kidnazium, so be it.
Well, it's an annual football game, but the girls are the players and the cheerleaders are the boys.
They wear makeup and wigs and axilly.
Boys are making fun of girls?
Yes.
You know, my son Bobby is actually kind of the head cheerleader.
He keeps knocking over lamps around the house with his big clumsy boobs.
That kind of mockery does untold damage to a young girl's fragile psyche.
My daughter was hysterical recently when an eighth grade boy told her her ponytail looked like a piece of duty.
Thank God I was home to console her, which was my choice, and by it no regrets.
Oh, that's terrible.
Have you tried putting her hair up in a bun?
No, no, that could look like poop, too.
See, it starts out innocently with a boy teasing a girl.
Then that same boy dresses like a cheerleader.
Then little Mary Jo Honor student is having her buttocks slapped in a rap video.
That is the saddest hypothetical story I have ever heard.
But Powder Huff is all just in fun.
So was pouring pig's blood on Carrie.
Poor girl had to kill everyone.
I will not let that happen.
Lima, I'll be home late.
I have another fire to put out.
Ready?
Okay!
We're red hot and can't be stopped!
We're red hot and can't be stopped!
I love that cheer, but seriously, you have to stop.
What's going on down there?
Boys, this here is a PTA president, and she's making me call off the cheerleading part of things.
What?
That's not fair!
But I'm so pretty!
Why is this happening, Mom?
Sometimes things that are funny to everybody are not really funny at all.
You can't take this away from us!
You just can't!
Sorry, boys.
I guess I won't be needing this anymore.
I guess not.
Hello, Peggy.
Hello, Hank.
Hello!
So what else did you destroy today besides powder puff football?
Actually, class favorites.
And technically, the Powder Puff game is still going on.
Maybe the girls will play well for the first time ever, since they won't have anyone on the sidelines making fun of them.
Those boys weren't making fun of anyone.
They were just doing what Powder Puff cheerleaders do.
Oh, so you won't be offended if I stuff a sock in my jeans and strut around the neighborhood?
That would be hilarious.
Do it, Mom, do it!
No, I'm not gonna do it.
And neither are you.
Dang it, Carl, these boys weren't hurting the soul and you know it.
You've got to do something about this.
If you're asking me to go up against the PTA, the answer is no.
I'm not walking into that buzz saw.
You can't just sit back and watch this great tradition die?
All right, you didn't hear this from me, but PTA's a democracy hank.
You're a parent.
You bring emotion to the floor and you get the votes, you can bring the cheerleaders back.
Democracy in action.
The answer was there all along.
The beauty of it is it's not on me.
Well, I gotta go to geography classroom.
Some kid drew balls on Florida.
All those in favor?
Motion to turn the air on is accepted.
That completes new business.
Uh, wait.
I have a motion I'd like to bring to the floor.
Reluctantly, the chair allows.
Powderpuff cheerleading has been a grand and often hilarious tradition in Tom Landry Middle School athletics.
You'll notice how much fun all these kids are having.
Oh.
I don't see anyone who looks offended.
Look, they're all having the time of their lives.
The time of their lives?
What's really offensive is watching those girls play football.
Ah, you're really not helping, coach.
In summation, powder puff cheerleading is a way for these boys to have some fun, make people laugh, and create friendships that will last a lifetime.
It's true.
I think these men make a good point.
Maybe we should reconsider our stance on this.
I can't do that.
It would undermine my leadership.
I can't risk all this.
What's all this?
Staying here all night when we could be home with our families?
Peggy?
You are interfering with procedure and gavel handling.
I support Mr. Hill's motion.
This isn't about ridicule, it's about freedom of expression.
Girls should be able to play football and boys should be able to put on skirts and wigs and cheer their hearts out.
Gay men should be able to come out of the closet and be openly and unapologetically gay.
And working mothers should be able to go back to work if that is what they really want.
Who's gay in the PDA?
Spicy.
Ladies and gentlemen, parents and teachers, I move to reinstate the powder puff cheerleaders.
Is there a second?
I second.
Hey, hey, hey.
Sorry, that's how we second a motion in the gun club.
Show of hands, all those in favor.
Opposed.
A tie.
Carl, you know how this works.
The principal's vote breaks any ties.
So what's it gonna be?
Oh, Carl.
Sorry, Hank.
Motion fails to pass.
You know, if this was a movie, we'd get to be cheerleaders again.
And Kurt Russell would be my dad.
We're gonna find a way to fight this.
I don't know about you, but my pantyhose came three to a pack, and I plan on using all three.
Here!
Dad!
Watch out!
Hey, this isn't my fault.
32.
Blue 32.
Hey!
Run!
Hey, you guys, get it together!
Ready?
Okay!
Shake it, but don't break it!
Shake it, but don't break it!
Shake it, but don't break it!
Shake it, but don't break it!
Shake it, but don't break it!
Shake it, but don't break it!
Shake it, but don't break it!
Shake it, but don't break it!
Shake it, but don't break it!
Shake it, but don't break it!
Shake it, but don't break it!
Shake it, but don't break it!
Shake it, but don't break it!
Shake it, but don't break it!
Shake it, but don't break it!
Shake it, but don't break it!
Shake it, but don't break it!
Shake it, but don't break it!
Shake it, but don't break it!
Shake it, but don't break it!
Shake it, but don't break it!
Shake it, but don't break it!
Shake it, but don't break it!
Shake it, but don't break it!
Shake it, but
And hey, he's starting a fake cat fight.
And Joseph's storming off.
My son's a diva.
You can't do this.
It's been banned.
What's been banned?
We're just fans of powderpuff football who happen to be cross-dressers.
Or does the PTA have some problem with cross-dressing?
No, no, of course not.
Transvestite and transgender individuals are protected when participating in public activity.
It's a bouncing baby ball It's okay
Look, Hank, have you ever seen such a beautifully-punted baby?
Well, that sure does bring back memories.
We're red-hot and campy-stop!
We're red-hot and campy-stop!
We're red-hot and campy-stop!
We're red-hot and campy-stop!
But I'm so pretty!
