Russian hand crank flashlight?
Nancy drew books?
What kind of hardware store is this?
Eh!
The world's best hammer!
Sears already sold me the world's best hammer, so someone's lying.
I say we just get him a gift certificate.
That's a great idea, Bobby.
We will give your father, who works so hard to conceive you, the same thing we give the paper boy, who did nothing.
I'm lucky.
Cotton is so easy to shop for.
Either he likes what I get him, and he's happy, or he hates it, and he shoots it, and he's happy.
It's the first Christmas dinner of my new apartment, so you better bring a Christmas gift, a housewarming gift, and a chair if you want to sit.
No problem.
I've got some that fold.
Now, how about I buy you an ornament?
A peace?
You wouldn't like that, you draft dodger.
Sure you can't find one with a flag burning on it?
It's Jesus peace, not hippie peace.
Either way, we've always been a joy family.
But joy!
Huh?
I gotta go, Dad.
There's a propane emergency at the police station.
Oh, everyone out of the way.
The assistant lackeys on the move.
Never been promoted.
I'm proud to serve as assistant manager and Buck will promote me when I'm good and ready.
Hank Hill, Strickland propane responding to the propane emergency.
There's your emergency.
Mr. Strickland?
How did you get locked in there?
DWI, Hank, blew a point two.
Just a couple of three, three eggnogs.
Hell, that shouldn't count, seeing his ass Christmas and all.
But why would you call in a false propane emergency?
We're looking at a $50 fine once I report us.
Well, I needed a sober ride, Hank.
They took away my license.
Who wants to buy propane from some no-license castrano?
Tell you what, sir.
Why don't you let me drive you around?
I like to drive.
You like to sit.
Everybody wins.
You drive nice, Hank.
I pretend the gas pedals an egg.
Pull over!
Now I remember where I was going last night.
Yep, Douglas makes a good fur.
This is your tree.
She's a beauty, Hank.
How are you fixed for ornaments?
Peace, huh?
Thanks again for the tree, Mr. Strickland.
Course in a way, every year you buy me a tree.
You know, the paychecks.
Nah, it's the least I can do.
You may be driving me all over creation.
The judge says I ain't getting my license back till I do my community service.
Gotta build some house for Jimmy Carter.
You get to build a habitat for humanity house for driving drunk?
I've been on the waiting list for two years.
I tell you what, old top, how would you like it if I made you assistant manager of building this house?
You mean it?
Well, thank you, sir.
Oh, thank you.
And long story short, Mr. Strickland tells me I can build the house.
He did not.
He did, Bill.
Why would I make it up?
I don't know.
Sometimes I lie to get attention.
You want to help me or not?
Yeah, I made it.
Wing up!
I'd like to volunteer to be in charge of booby traps.
There will be no booby traps, Dale.
What?
Oh, right.
Gotcha, Hank.
No booby traps.
Groundbreaking's day after tomorrow.
I wish I could go to bed right now and wake up in two days with a shovel in my hand.
Mom, shovel for Christmas.
You know what?
I'm too excited to eat.
I think I'll grab one of my shovels and practice on Bill's yard.
Come on, Hank.
Let's go and shoot us a Christmas tree.
Well, Dad, you know how much I love to yell ready, aim, timber, but this year Mr. Strickland bought me a tree.
But we always... Only a man with a narrow urethi would think that skinny stick was a tree.
Too bad we can't get dad a new dad for Christmas.
Or can we?
Bobby, I have turned your terrible idea into a brilliant one.
The best present for your father would be a healthy relationship with his father, one where they can express their real feelings for each other.
And conveniently, I can get the same thing for Cotton.
Dee Dee gets her bath gel, like always, and I'm done.
Woo!
Can I put my name on it?
I'll put your name on it.
Hank, why don't you invite your father to the groundbreaking?
Because I already know his answer.
No, followed by an insult.
Oh, so now you're a psychic.
Oh, Cotton, Hank has something to tell you!
Did you see that coming?
Uh, Dad, if you're not doing anything Thursday, uh...
Well, we're having this groundbreaking ceremony for this house I'm building for charity.
Charity?
Only charity I care about dances in a G-string.
And I'm spending the day with her.
That's just, you know, you spent my birthday with her.
I thought maybe, but, uh, okay.
Okay, I'll go.
You win.
If I wanted to see a big baby cry, go home to my baby.
Okay, baby.
Okay, I've put together a schedule which gives us four days to finish this house.
The frame's a prefab, so we could build it in two, but let's take four and really enjoy it.
Since we're starting from scratch, why don't we make it a dream house and put the toilet in the living room?
Oh, Cotton, I am so glad you're here.
If Hank asked me one more time, where's Cotton?
Where's Cotton?
Where's Cotton?
Well, here's Cotton!
Right, my bayonet.
Figured if it was good enough to kill 50 men, it's good enough to slice some drywall.
Oh, gosh, Dad.
I know you were saving that for when they unfroze Hitler.
Yeah, well, I... Hey, Buck, I saved the best nail pouch for you.
So, this is gonna be all in pines.
Didn't recognize a place without all the tombstones.
Hey, hey, hey!
Them people are stealing your tools!
Oh, that's Allah and Nifco-Lubecky.
You're building this house for them.
I know they'd love to meet you.
And don't worry, sir.
You'll be back behind the wheel as soon as I finish repaying your debt to society.
Thanks, Hank.
You really pulled my eggs out the frying pan.
All right, listen, people, I got an announcement to make.
I'm not one to give credit where credit is due, but doggone it.
This time I just can't help myself.
Hank Hill has been my assistant manager for 20 years.
And all that time I've had two wives, dozens of mistresses, five heart valves, three plastic two-pig, but I only needed one Hank.
Merry Christmas, Hank.
I'm promoting you to manager.
Manager?
Oh, Mr. Strickland.
I love you.
Why did dad have to act like a woman in front of grandpa?
Grandpa hates women.
Your father is going out of his way to ruin his Christmas present, so we will have to go out of our way to save it.
We will make a photo calendar, each and every month a reminder of their special father-son bond.
Not happy.
Not happy.
Can't even find one picture where they're both happy.
Wait, if you splice grandpa's head over yours in the wedding photo, it'll look like dad and grandpa are shaking hands.
And we'll put it on a mug!
They hank!
We started without you!
Now you've gone too far!
Cement is permanent!
As permanent as your love?
Shut up, Dale!
He's okay?
No, it's not okay, Nefko.
My boss demoted me.
I was a manager for ten seconds and all I managed to do was blurt my guts out like a mental patient.
I don't know where this stuff comes from.
Something must be wrong with me.
Ah, not of course, but to say those things one man to another man.
But still, you much to be lucky for.
Texas, USA, police, no breakdown doors say, come to army now, now you shot.
Here kids, walk to school, it's good school.
God bless you builders of house and driveway.
God bless America.
Holy Davison!
I think so too, Nifco.
Who would like a hot cup of love?
Baby, telephone.
I got it.
Hello.
Well, hello, Mrs. Strickland.
Hi, Dad.
I'm just calling to say you ain't welcome to Christmas dinner.
A good day.
My dad uninvited me for Christmas.
Oh, Hank.
I mean, why don't you call him back and tell him how that makes you feel?
Absolutely not.
You saw what happened when I, uh, demoted all over Buck?
No, no, it'll be okay.
We'll just have Christmas dinner with the Niefkos over at their new house.
Yep, it'll be a great new tradition.
Christmas with the Niefkos.
Dee Dee, we are the wives of stubborn, stubborn men.
They are lucky to have us, aren't they?
What do you want, Peggy?
I want Cotton to re-invite Hank to Christmas dinner.
Oh, Cotton will not do that because Hank is too cruel.
No, Diddy.
Cotton is the cruel one.
Hank is the one who sells propane.
But Hank is cruel.
He said he loved Buck.
He should say he loves Cotton.
And that's not just what I think.
It's what Cotton told me to think.
Cotton is jealous?
But that is a human emotion.
That little forefoot, my ball.
I'm not sure if it's the guest or the man of the house that says grace.
But I got the English, so I'll take the wheel.
Dad?
Looking for this?
Well, you told me you left G8 sleeping in a bag of hammers.
How could you trick me like that?
You ain't bright.
Peggy told me how.
Why did you invite my dad here?
You're ruining our new holiday tradition.
Christmas with the Nefcos.
Cotton, how would you like to stay here and join us for Christmas dinner?
Well, something smells good.
Could be turkey.
Probably fresh particle board.
That is a beautiful story, Colonel, but not as beautiful as this house.
Don't you think this house is beautiful, Cotton?
It's okay.
I like the job you did on the drywall.
Well, thanks, Dad.
I took a risk and went with the National Gypsum instead of the Georgia Pacific.
Hope Buck doesn't mind.
Of course he's gonna mind.
Look at this rat box.
It ain't got no door stop.
Someone opens the door too hard.
Howl in the wall.
Dad, stop.
It's not finished yet.
I don't see no chair rail.
You know what that means?
Man stands up from the chair too fast.
Oh, come on, Hank.
Tell your father what you told your boss and what you tell your stupid dog every day.
Give that miserable old man the gift of love for Christmas.
This hanging lamp don't look like it can hold a man's weight.
Grandpa, be careful.
Come on, please, Dad, stop.
If you want him to stop, just tell him how you feel.
Dad, window looks awful flimsy.
Dad, I... You can do it, Hank.
Dad, I hate you.
It's okay.
You hate me, do you?
After all the love I allowed your mother to give you.
Well, Merry Christmas and stay out.
Tell Sandy to close the hurry.
This place ain't gonna have a chimney for long.
Hank, you don't really hate your father.
These are just bigger emotions than you're used to expressing.
You got confused.
Why don't you go inside and apologize?
I also left my person there.
I am not apologizing.
I meant what I said.
You can't really hate your dad.
He's your dad.
Yeah, well, there's nothing anywhere that says a father and son have to like each other, let alone love each other.
You can just leave the Wontons out there.
Xie Xie, you don't need to shout chain.
Oh, you're not from the noodle house?
No, but I wish I was.
Chinese people don't have Christmas.
What's wrong, little boy?
My dad and my grandpa are fighting.
Even if I get the Benny Hill tapes I asked for, it'd still be the worst Christmas ever.
Landsakes, a family fighting at Christmas?
That's not right.
Why don't I try talking to them?
No offense, sir.
But you couldn't even talk your way out of working on Christmas Eve.
I may just be a carpenter, but I'm often called upon to resolve disputes.
He took my drill, that guy swiped my chalk, and so on.
Well, you do have a very soothing accent.
We'll take my car.
Wow!
You must be some carpenter!
Bobby?
I think we might be able to get Dad his present after all.
Thanks to this nice old guy.
I'm gonna get back in the limo.
I got Joseph on hold.
Oh my god.
Jimmy Carter.
I am Bobby's mother.
Piggy Hill.
I teach a short unit on your presidency.
Well, teaching is one of our most noble professions.
Well, thank you for your honesty.
They could not take that away from you.
You must be Hank.
You ran our country.
America.
Hank, I understand you told your father you hate him.
Hates a strong word, Mr. President.
That's why I used it.
Yep, hate my dad.
You may say you hate your daddy, but I seem to recall the Egyptians once said they would never accept Israel's right to exist.
I think we all know how that turned out.
Now why don't we go inside and talk things over?
I'm not going in there.
I hate the man.
Feels good every time I say it.
Mr. Hill?
Jimmy Carr?
Yes, this is Jimmy.
Now, how about I come inside and visit with you about what your son said?
I'd love to meet a war hero face to face.
Assume the position, Mr. President.
There's no need for that.
I've been nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize.
Look, the Secret Service didn't want me to come in here at all.
This was a compromise.
I'd have done the same if I was in your shoes.
Same idea.
Bigger gun.
Good.
Something we can agree on.
Let's build on that.
Why do you think your son said he hates you?
He's a hateful crybaby.
He was crying the second he popped his head out of his mama.
Like I told your father, in these highly charged situations, I find it's helpful to say something positive about the other side.
Sadat, for example, thought Beggin had excellent posture.
Yeah?
What'd my dad say about me?
What?
Why don't you go first?
Come on.
Deep down.
Just between you and me.
I won't tell anyone.
You don't really hate your son.
Yes, I do.
But you don't... Head to toe.
No, really.
And his wife.
Look.
He was a baby once.
Everyone hated that baby.
Hated a baby?
Okay, how about this?
Say there was a magic button you could push that would make Hank disappear forever.
Everything else in the world would say the same, but Hank, your son would never have existed.
Now I'm serious here, mister.
Would you push that button?
That's the answer, no hypothetical situation.
Would you push that button?
Not yes.
My father said he wouldn't obliterate me.
His words?
Now do you recognize his right to exist?
Wonderful.
You both seem to prefer a universe in which the other party hasn't magically disappeared.
I think we have a framework for peace.
Now how do you feel about going outside?
Ah, I still got some nails left.
If you come outside, I'll let you shoot at my bulletproof limo.
Hank, Cart, I see a new arrow of trust and understanding between you.
Not so fast, chumpers.
We had a deal.
I get to shoot me a bulletproof motorcade.
I think you got more important things to do right now than shoot up my car.
No, I don't.
Look, you're not shooting up my car.
Hold on.
Now, Dad, did he really tell you you could shoot up his car?
With my nail gun.
Is this true, sir?
Well, I think I may have put it on the table, but it seems to me the important thing is... Sorry, you gave your word.
Oops.
They told me it was bulletproof.
Let's get the heck out of here.
That nail gun's pretty accurate for what's it running at, 175 psi?
180.
Sounds about right.
Boy, I love shooting a nail gun.
I love shooting a nail gun, too.
That was amazing.
Dad and Grandpa don't hate each other.
The Loubeckys got most of their house back, all because Jesus showed up.
Bobby, what are you talking about?
That guy!
A carpenter, worked a miracle.
His name was JC, rode in a limo.
Him?
You thought that was... Well, he ain't nobody but a one-turban-painted farmer.
Man wore a sweater.
Hand-packed by the OPEC.
And Bobby, that is how I saved Christmas.
Oh, thank you!
