Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
That's your CH-47D, Chinook Helicopter.
We're having war games this week.
It's kind of like our team bus.
Yeah?
How's your team doing, Bill?
Oh, they won't let me play.
I'm just an army barber.
All I do is cut hair.
I'm doing north of 85 heads a day.
My wrist hurts so much I can barely open my beer.
Ow!
Oh, give yourself a break, Bill.
You do more than cut hair.
You also straighten out magazines and empty ashtrays.
Don't listen to him.
You're a very important cog in the military machine.
Imagine if our boys went into battle with hair in their eyes.
They'd be at a marked disadvantage, I tell you what.
Hey, here it is.
Look at my new SUV.
Oh, this baby's so huge.
If I crash into your puny pickup, you get flattened like pancake.
Where are you gonna keep it, smart guy?
It doesn't even fit in your garage.
Maybe I keep garage in SUV.
Ha ha ha ha ha!
Kiss my ass!
Easy on the ice cream, Bobby.
It's sold by weight.
I'm not getting any ice cream.
All toppings.
More bang for the buck.
Care to guess the weight of your sundae?
Get it right, it's free.
Okay.
I have two scoops of ice cream, low-fat.
Not that I need it.
Slice bananas and gummy bears.
That weighs exactly 8.3 ounces.
Oh, close.
4.5 ounces.
Better luck next time.
Eat this.
I'm going again.
So, how are the war games trading you, carpool?
I'm dead.
Sniper tagged me with his laser.
I think he caught the sun's reflection off my grenade launcher.
Oh yeah, anything shiny is a sure giveaway.
If I got to fight in the war games, I'd tar my head.
Just in case my helmet fell off.
Hey, another good way to avoid snipers?
Yeah, with all due respect, we're talking about blowing things up, not blowing things dry.
No.
Sorry.
My wrist!
My vision to stop clipping, sir!
Dean-eyed.
Okay, Sergeant Dothriev, it's carpal tunnel syndrome.
You'll have to lay off cut and hair for two weeks.
But that's all the army lets me do!
If you don't mind, we need the bed for some soldiers.
I mean, real soldiers.
I mean, do you know what I mean?
Give your chart to the nurse on the way out.
Any of you guys have large portions of your medical chart blacked out?
Just the stuff I did myself.
On a scale of one to ten, I'd say eight of my five was crossed out.
Is that something to worry about?
Only if the idea of a massive cover-up concerns you.
Geez.
Don't get them all jacked up about nothing.
If the United States government did it, I'm sure they had a good reason.
Based on what I know about Bill and coverups, I'd say the Army used him in their attempted assassination of boxing promoter Bob Aram.
Is he right, Hank?
Has he ever been right, Bill?
You don't have to answer that.
If you want to know what was under that black marker, you need to get a hold of your untransmogrified personnel file.
How do I do that?
Well, like any first-rate organization, I'm sure the Army has a form you can request, fill out, and submit.
Good plan!
Why don't you also ask them for a tour of the underwater White House?
You know, Dale, sometimes I think you say things just to hear yourself talk.
What do you want me to do?
Ignore myself?
Scoop full of Oreos.
Two ounces.
Half an ounce, not even close.
Bobby, you just focus on smashing those cookies.
I did not pull you out of school to give me lip.
Exterminator.
Exterminator!
Now we'll see who talks out loud just to hear himself speak.
Hickey!
I was right!
All right, Dale, now that you've got us down here, where's this top-secret fishing rod of yours?
The fishing rod was just bait.
What about the fresh-baked cookies?
Almost done.
Now, Hank, what progress have you made on obtaining Bill's personnel file?
I'll have you know I was right.
The government does have a form for exactly this type of request.
Yeah, and they're gonna send us that form in six to eight weeks.
Well, how's six to eight seconds?
Shaw!
Now, as you will see from this incontrovertible evidence, Sergeant then-private Bill Dothriev was given large doses of an experimental drug from 1982 to 1984.
The Army was trying to create an elite group of Arctic commandos stationed in Alaska and able to withstand frigid temperatures.
They called it
Operation Infinite Walrus.
Their mission?
To repel an invasion if and when the communists came over the polar ice cap.
The drug was designed to promote accumulation of heat retaining blubber on the torso, foster the growth of insulating body hair, and create the ability to undertake long periods of hibernation.
All those years they told me they were giving me super vitamin shots.
Side effects include headaches and erectile dysfunction.
I gave 20 years of my life to the army and this is what they did to me.
Bill, it was a different time.
It was back when we didn't know the Russians were incompetent.
Cookies.
Mama, look what they did to you, baby boy.
Look out, world!
Fat drunk hairy army!
Get it big!
Coming through!
I saw the army documents with my own eyes.
It was all there in black and white.
Is this what my tax dollars are going for?
To put hair on Bill's back?
Poor Bill.
I cannot even fathom what it's like to have low self-esteem.
And I can fathom just about anything.
Oh, hold on.
Let me take a guess.
Okay, magazine with toenail topping.
15 and one half ounces.
Yes!
It's all coming together, Hank.
What the?
The army found out I looked at their files!
I'll be in the safe room.
Don't let them take you alive, dear.
All right, we need some tunes.
Oh, I got the head, bitch.
This is Hank Hill Block Captain.
I know it's the war games and I don't want to second guess your tactics, but are you in distress?
Oh, good lord.
I think there's some kind of dead animal in there.
It's Bill.
He's south to the gills.
It's only Bill.
I scalded off my fingerprints for nothing.
Come on, Bill.
Wake up.
You stole a tank.
I tell you what, man.
You better call up somebody, man.
I don't tell them they have an army band.
Somebody will find out about a damn tank, man.
No.
We can't tell the army Bill stole a tank.
They'll tell their superiors at America online, and he'll be dead, as well as everybody on his buddy list.
They won't do that, but they will throw him in the stockade for the rest of his life.
We've got to take the tank back ourselves.
It's Bill's only hope.
Plus, we'll get to ride in a tank.
Oh, I get to drive.
Hey, man, you don't tell him I'm going to drive that tank, man.
It'll 1200 horsepower, man.
It'll too much muscle, little skinny, little pineal arms yours, man.
Not so fast, boomhauer.
I've been driving bobtail trucks at Strickland for two decades.
Oh, I am so impressed.
Have you also downloaded the classified instruction manual for this tank from Vladimir Putin's website, took a correspondence course in Russian, translated the manual, memorized it, and eaten it?
Have you, Hank?
Putin?
Alright, alright.
Peggy, I'm going to return the tank.
I can't fall asleep with all this excitement.
What do you say we go to the megalomart for a couple of make your own sundaes All right
First, Nasha nuts this sail.
Then I, uh, pussed up each these nuts.
Straighten it out, Dale.
It feels like you're weaving.
I think I know how to handle a tank.
Now, where's the cigarette lighter?
The pundit voice hugged off!
No!
My ride!
It's still cherry!
Damn it, Dale, I told you.
You just hit a curb.
Don't open that open now open
Ugh, not in the sandbox.
Relax, Hank.
Studies show that your average sandbox is only 30% sand.
The rest is a melange of urine, feces, animal feces, and et cetera.
Bill, I want you to stand downwind to me and tell me what you hope to accomplish by stealing this tank.
I don't know.
I was at the base.
I was drunk.
I couldn't find my car keys.
He couldn't look at me.
Look at what they did to me!
Did they take your clothes?
No, but they took everything else.
When I first enlisted, I had the body of an all-city offensive lineman and hair like Roger Daltrey.
I signed up for the armored division and I wanted to be a tank driver.
Oh yeah, I had the confidence of a man with a washboard stomach and a smooth back.
And then they started giving me my super vitamin shots.
Now look at me.
I'm a big fat pant load, throwing up in a sandbox.
I know you're disappointed with the way you turned out.
We all are.
But the good news is, it's not your fault.
All those things that were great about you back in high school, the confidence, the charm, the pep, they're still a part of you.
They're just hidden inside the government's bloated, lazy body.
What?
So it's not my fault that I'm fat, bald, and lazy?
Or that your breath always stinks like rotting garbage.
My breath spills?
Uh, it doesn't smell pleasant most of the time.
Why didn't you guys ever say anything?
Well, we didn't tell you because it would have hurt your feelings.
But now that we know it's the government's fault, well,
Bill, your breath stinks.
Yeah, man, I'll tell you something else, man.
You tell me about it.
Standing in the alley, man, I don't cooler any cold, man.
I don't paint, don't drive, and the sun don't shine, man.
You know what I'm saying?
You think I'm boring, too?
Yes.
Oh, yeah.
But don't take it personally.
You see, it's not my fault.
I'm not a loser.
Deep down under all this government ape fur, I'm a winner.
Well, I'd be damned if I'm going to let the army lock me away for the rest of my life.
We are taking the tank back to the base, and I'm driving!
Hi, would you like to guess the- Save your spiel for the rookies.
10.1 ounces.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
10.3.
What?
Oh, Peggy, you idiot!
The cup!
Of course the cup!
Well, Peggy, you genius!
I always knew I'd be a great tank diver.
Just like I always knew I'd live close to Hank.
God, it's the cops.
I wonder how much trouble you get in for stealing a tank.
And taking three hostages, help!
No, this isn't over.
Maybe I still have a silver tongue underneath all the plaque.
What's this tank doing out on the streets?
We were told the war games would be limited to the base.
Are you questioning my authority?
I am a sergeant in the United States Army and you are impeding a military operation.
What are you looking at?
Nothing, Sergeant.
You just seem a little out of uniform.
Have you ever driven Abrams M1A2 tank?
No, sir.
Do you have any idea how hard it gets inside that heavily armored fighting machine?
No, sir.
I did not think so.
Now I suggest you get back inside that black and white and forget everything you've seen here.
Do I make myself clear?
Yes, sir.
All right, move out.
And you, I'm going to need your name and phone number.
I'm also going to need you to keep Saturday Night open because I'm taking you dancing.
Sir, yes, sir.
Yeah, as soon as we drop this baby off, my life enters chapter two, the good years.
Dang it, fella, I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of me too.
That's live artillery.
Bill, where the hell are we?
By the looks of all these tanks being blown up, I'd say we're on the target range for the war game.
Gentlemen, the crap has literally been scared out of me.
We're in here!
Oh, God.
They must think we're a target tank.
What do we do?
Don't worry.
My years of military training will take over.
Sir, how do you want your sideburns?
Don't wait.
Don't apply.
Give me a minute.
Choosing life!
Incoming!
Coming back in!
It's safer in here, in my armor-plated womb.
Can I listen to your heartbeat, Hank?
Bill, you spent 20 years on this base.
How do we get off this dang target range?
What are you asking Bill for?
The Army destroyed all his brain cells with their deadly placebo drug.
No wonder he's an ignoranus.
What did you say?
Ignorantus.
It means stupid.
You moron.
Dale, you said placebo.
Yeah, I read it in Bill's file.
That was the name of the drug they gave him.
Placebo.
I think it's made by Pathizer.
Dale, you're the moron.
A placebo's a fake drug.
They shot Bill full of sugar water.
Sugar water?
They didn't think I was even worthy enough to be a guinea pig.
Quit pouting, Bill.
It means the government never tested on you.
That's good news for you and the taxpayers.
It means everything is my fault.
The fat, the fur, and all those other things I didn't even know were wrong with me.
Though my friends told me.
They're getting close.
I'll flash the high beams so they know we're all in here.
I might have popped the trunk.
Hey, should those target tanks be firing live ammo?
Must be a drone.
They said to be ready for anything.
Let's see if we can hit it.
Let's do it.
Idiot, now they're shooting right at us.
Alright, just calm down.
You guys go out the escape hatch and I'll drive the tank away to draw their fire.
And leave you here to get blown up?
No way.
Don't worry about me.
I'll use my boxer shorts to tie down the accelerator and then I'll jump out too.
Now, move, move, move!
You hear me?
Two scoops vanilla, one half palm full of jimmies, three medium-sized pecan bits, and one Italian maraschiano cherry, no stem.
Exactly, 8.4 ounces.
Wrong.
Wait, you're right.
We have a winner.
I'm sorry?
We have a what?
Winner.
That's right, boy!
Piggy Hill!
Winner!
Come on, Bobby, there's free ice cream!
Free at last, for free at last!
Run for the woods!
We'll be safe from the shells under the branches and leaves!
Great job, Bill!
Now come on, get out of there!
I'm as free as a bird now.
And this bird, you cannot change.
Lord knows I can't change.
Target bearing four, not eight, and closing.
Fire in the hole!
The hell!
There's a wheel, man!
He's... he's gone.
Bill's dead.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Bill was a good friend.
He gave his life to save ours.
I can safely say I would not have done the same for him.
The last thing I told him was he had a bad breath.
I wish I would have told him that he was a brave man.
Honest.
Sweet.
Like a big old stuffed teddy bear.
Oh, no.
I'm gonna miss him.
Yeah, man.
I'm gonna kill Bill, man.
Bill?
You're alive.
You made it out in time.
Somehow, I got blowed out by the explosion.
That hurt.
Now, look, my carpal tunnel is gone.
That is gross.
I heard what you guys said, though, that I was brave and honest and a good friend.
Do you still think that now that I'm not dead?
Yep.
Yep.
Mm-hmm.
Sir, you have the honor of being my first lefty haircut.
How's it look?
It's too short, uneven, and you totally obliterated one of my sideburns.
But, on the plus side, I must say your breath is unusually minty and inoffensive.
Sir, I'm brushing every day now, sir.
Well, carry on, Sergeant.
Cookies!
