Hey, guys, how do I look on this one, huh?
We're not here to joyride the toilets, Dale.
If you can't get enough fun out of helping me buy new handle bushings, there is something seriously wrong with you.
Hey, Hank Hill.
What were you doing in Plumbing Isle?
Need new crescent moon stencil for outhouse?
I'm doing home improvements, Con.
Ah!
Trying to improve your home like putting lingerie on a monkey.
Better to save up all your dog fighting money and buy ticket to Arland Parade of Homes.
I'll have you know that my house is part of Texas history.
Yep, it was built by the great-grandson of Captain T. Anderson Kearney, who fired the first shot at the Battle of Gonzales.
Hey, maybe I should enter my house in the Parade of Homes.
Hey, who forgot to change the toilet paper?
You know, this closet would look a lot bigger if you took out my shoes and replaced them with Nancy's.
Well, we don't need any Hollywood special effects for people to see what a great house we've got.
Hey, maybe we can put T. Anderson Kearney's brass boot remover by the door.
Kind of an exclamation point for when people leave the room.
Talk about how it's beautiful, man.
Don't swim up no bed pool, man.
Talk about life just like I'm down on wood still, man.
I don't see no double teams in his day, man.
Well, thanks, Boomhauer.
I just hope the people on the parade of home say the same thing.
Welcome to the Bobby Hill room.
No flash photography on the trolls, please.
Hey, uh, Bobby, you know what might spruce this room up?
A nice display case for your troll action figures with solid wood doors, you know, so people won't be tempted to steal them.
Okay.
Um, aren't they called troll dolls?
Yes.
Now, watch closely, Bobby.
This house is going to be yours someday, and you're going to need to know how to take care of it.
Can you hammer in a nail with a single blow?
This isn't a circus, Bobby.
But I could.
Help me!
Help me up drowning!
Oh, Bobby, you'd had such a good few years.
It wasn't me, the wall's leaking.
Good Lord, it looks like it's coming right out of the stud.
It's okay.
It's okay, babies.
Daddy's here.
Now, let's get you out of these wet clothes.
What kind of a sick bastard runs a water pipe through a stud without installing a nail guard?
I don't know!
Well, the water damage looks pretty minor.
Yeah, it loans our home in Casually.
We see some doozies.
The Matthew McConaughey water weenie claim comes to mind.
Yeah, well, about my wall.
Don't worry, Mr. Hill.
We'll hire someone to come in here and get this wall fixed up before that parade of homes tour.
Uh, I don't really like strangers touching my walls.
Maybe you could just pay me and I'll get the supplies and fix it myself.
Sorry, but company regulations require we use licensed and bonded contractors.
But I can absolutely assure you they do a first-rate job.
Okay.
Now, would you like to be tested for mold while we're at it?
We usually do one after any type of water damage.
Won't cost you anything.
I guess, sure, go ahead.
Excuse me, do I need to file a claim for my loss?
Yeah.
You're gonna have to give those to the insurance company so they can assess them properly.
I'm sure you know what to do with them.
Don't leave any excess joint compound on the threads and always wipe the pipes down when you're done as a courtesy to the next plumber.
Now let's see if that outlet needs rewiring.
I'll do it.
Just hand me that voltmeter.
Hi, I'm Steve Goodman.
I'm here to check the room for mold.
Huh, so that's what you used to test for it.
Boy, I've never seen one of those before.
You think I could give it a try, Steve?
Nope.
I'm done here.
Okay, who wants to turn off the circuit breaker?
Too late, I call it.
Now remember, Hank, the parade of homes is not a competition.
But this is what we're up against.
It's pretty nice for new construction.
Can I help you?
Yeah, we're in the parade of homes next week too.
Hank Hill, single story ranch style.
We were just admiring your place.
Nice shutters.
Well, thanks.
That means a lot coming from another parader.
Still trying to get the place looking presentable.
It's funny.
I spent my whole life dreaming about owning my own house.
Now all I dream about is the next thing that needs to be painted or polished or replaced.
I love those dreams.
I hate to toot my own horn, but this wall looks pretty good.
Let's enjoy it now before Bobby puts up that poster of babies dressed as strawberries.
Hank, it's our first lookie-loo.
Okay, be cool.
I'm cool.
Welcome.
Knocks pretty nice, doesn't she?
That's solid oak hardwood.
No pressed filler there.
Now notice the- Whoa, whoa, whoa.
You might want to save that for someone who's not on the clock.
I'm Rob Holguin, TechnoPure.
Your insurance company sent me.
Oh, uh, Hank Hill, what can I do for you?
You can put your hand down and step two feet away from me.
You may be contaminated.
What?
Your house has tested positive for mold.
Ah!
Yeah, you might not want to take such deep breaths.
I've got mold?
Well, that can't... I mean, how does... God, is it hot in here?
I'm really hot.
Uh, Mrs. Hill, maybe you could get him a chair.
I'm gonna make a small exploratory incision so I can have a little looksie here.
There she blows, my great green whale, Aspergillus.
You're lucky you caught this leak early before this mold really spread.
I've got green stuff inside my walls and I'm lucky.
Relax, Mr. Hill.
Rob Holguin is going to do everything it takes to get rid of this mold and your insurance is going to pick up the tab.
Everything from frictional irrigation with a concentrated chlorine solution to forced atmospheric dehydration.
So wait, you're saying you're going to rub it with bleach and then blow it dry?
Well, in layman's terms, yes.
Well, I've got some bleach in a fan.
I could probably do it myself.
Every joker with a bottle of Clorox and a tornado thinks he's an expert.
Look, unless the job is done by a certified mold expert, such as myself, your insurance company will drop you like, well, I'd drop this, but then there'd be mold on your floor.
Hank, let him do it.
He's a professional.
Can you guys get it done in two days?
This house is on the parade of homes.
This is the kind of thing they take a picture of and put it on their blooper reel.
And I'd like you for you, as Regulus, as my specialty.
I should have it calling me Daddy in no time.
So are we okay to stay here like this?
Okay.
Well, that's a medical question, Mrs. Hill.
I'm not a medical doctor.
Now I'll need you both to sign this waiver, which certifies I've informed you that's a medical question and I'm not a medical doctor.
Hank, listen to this.
Mold has been known to cause itchiness, asthma, chronic fatigue, and disorientation.
Bobby, quick, what's your middle name, huh?
When's my birthday?
Here, follow my finger!
Your birthday is... I don't know!
Hank, the mold's got him!
Help me dad!
Will you two just calm down?
Now, it's just a little patch of mold.
We'll let Holgen do his job and everything will be fine.
And the boy never knew your birthday, Peggy.
He always just piggybacked on my card.
Yep.
Yep.
Mm-hmm.
Yep.
Dale, take that dang thing off.
We're perfectly safe here in the alley.
Heck, we'd all be perfectly safe if we slept in Bobby's room.
Sleep over?
I'll get my jammies.
Don't let him in, heck.
With his foot fungus, he'd just be tracking more mold into the house.
That area between his toes is as rich and fertile as the Nile River Delta.
Can we still have the sleepover?
I'll hang my feet out the window.
Attention!
Mold patient zero!
I knew your house not good enough for parade of home.
Maybe next month.
Parade of toxic waste dumps.
What?
How could we still have mold?
I thought you said you got rid of it.
I did.
From the leak.
But there must be a secondary infestation.
The latest sample from this room showed an airborne mold level of 500 parts per cubic meter.
What are you doing?
I can't get rid of this other mold until I find it, Mr. Hill.
And insurance regulations require that we reduce the level of mold in here to that found in the air outdoors.
400 parts per cubic meter.
400?
Bobby, quick, get inside!
No, no, I mean, stay outside!
Get, get, get in the car and turn on the air conditioner now!
Mrs. Hill, Mrs. Hill, it's okay.
400 parts per cubic meter is like a fly spec in a big gulp cup.
Wait, wait, it sounds like there's almost no difference between the air in here and the air outside.
What's the problem?
I could try and explain it to you, but if you want this place ready in time for that parade of homes, it would probably make more sense for me to just do my job.
Thank God.
I thought this thing was broken.
There's the culprit.
Alterneria.
Eh, you're not so tough now without your buddy Stacky Botris, are ya?
Are you sure that's even mold?
It could just be an old dust bunny.
I wish it were a dust bunny.
In fact, I wish this whole damn wall were full of real bunnies.
But this looks like mold that's been here for 20 years.
What's on the other side of this wall?
Our bedroom!
Remember that night I thought I heard something?
And you said it was nothing?
Well, thank you.
You just signed my death warrant.
If we've been sleeping in this room with mold for 20 years, how come we've never had itching or asthma or any of those other problems we read about?
Well, that's probably because the government hasn't found a scientific link between mold and any known health problems.
Then why do you keep banging holes in my walls?
Because I'm the hunter.
And mold is my antelope.
And if I don't bang holes in your wall, my conscience bangs holes in my head.
Holguin here.
I need backup.
I got a buy room situation at Rainy Street.
Hey, scrape that out more carefully, will ya?
It's a wall, not a pumpkin.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
You're gonna have to stay out of the hot zone.
That's both bedrooms and the master bath.
But where are we gonna- Automatic ice maker.
Oh, boy.
What?
What, oh boy?
Seal off the kitchen.
Now, hold on.
This is- Dark house is hot.
Aspergillus.
All right, that does it.
Everybody out now.
Hey, hold on.
I said stop.
Mr. Hill, I understand you're upset, but you really don't want us out of your house.
Yes, I do.
Okay.
But if I get on this walkie-talkie and call in a code Charlie, my guys will be out of here in 36 seconds flat.
That's how long it'll take for your house to become worthless.
What?
Look, you've been informed there's mold in this house, which means if you ever want to sell this property... I don't want to sell.
I plan on passing this house down to my son.
Ooh, goodie gumdrops.
Thanks, Dad.
A worthless moldhouse.
Do you have any pep birds, Mr. Hill?
No.
Good.
Can three family members share a living room without driving each other crazy?
Bobby, I've asked you several times to stop making that joke.
Now go to your room.
18, 19, 20.
Mr. Hell, you've got to get out!
Blah!
You get out!
Your whole house is contaminated.
The neg air environment's been compromised.
Blah, what?
There's no time to explain how it wasn't my fault.
Now move!
That towel could be filthy with mold!
Go, go, go, go, go!
Forget the toys!
The insurance company will pay for everything!
Now move!
Leave it to you to make a hospital gown look unsexy, Hank.
It says 123 Rainey Street.
This is on the parade of homes?
That can't be right.
Hank?
Oh, God, no.
The parade of homes is today the fifth.
This ranch-style rambler with upgrades to the doors and windows and roof was built by the great grandson of a...
Smile, Hank.
I want to get a picture of you next to the mold.
I know, girl.
I know.
Hey, what do you know?
Aaron Brockovich has got mold.
An Ed McMahon.
Oh, it killed his dog, Muffin.
Maybe we'll meet them at a survivor group.
If Lone Star Home and Casualty is so interested in looking for mold, you should start with this room.
It was growing on the soap.
I'm afraid there's nothing I can do about the mold in your hotel, Mr. Hill.
They don't have a policy with Lone Star, so there's no potential liability on our end.
They're arguing again, Hank.
Or making love.
Making love.
Uh, hey.
Yeah.
You got a busted latch there, neighbors.
Yeah.
Anyway, my lady and I were wondering if you'd care to join us for a Lynchburg lemonade.
Uh, thank you, but, uh, we were just about to sit down to dinner.
Ah, well, cool, cool, no baggy, okay.
Y'all have a good one.
Hey, I invited a few happy nows.
Okay.
Who's ready for Peggy Hill's coffee maker, Ramen, huh?
You'd think music that loud would kill the bugs, but it doesn't.
I tried sleeping in the empty swimming pool, but, you know, the dogs.
Can I just go home?
I promise I'll put on one of those spacesuits.
Dang it, Bobby.
If T. Anderson Kearney could fight to give Texans a home, then I can fight to get yours back.
Rob Holgen is gonna need to use this boot remover on his ass when I'm done with him.
Hello, I'd like to speak to Mr. Holgen.
Sorry, he's at lunch.
Can I take a message?
You don't have enough room on that while you were out, Slip, for what I have to say.
All right, Holgen, I'm through with your... Hey, hey, you're that mold tester guy, Mr. Goodman.
What?
What are you two doing together?
Hey guys, they just put all the stuff out for Make Your Own Sundays.
My insurance adjuster, this is ridiculous.
You're all in on this scam together, aren't you?
All you guys care about is money.
Okay, fine.
How much to get rid of you?
Is that a Cirrus machine?
Yeah, but it'll only let you take out $300 a day.
That's just not gonna cut it.
Nope.
Not when you got a deal as sweet as ours.
Heck, I could throw a dart at the phone book, and I bet you the house I hid would test positive for mold.
And the phone book, too.
Say that other thing you say, Rob.
You know, the yee-haw?
Oh, yeah.
Yee-haw!
There's gold in them, there, walls!
Excuse me, sir.
I'm looking for no pest strips for both crawling and flying pests.
The motel I'm staying at is a little dreary, so if you have the ones that look, you know, a little festive, that'd be good.
Oh, well, hell yeah.
Dude, we got ones with snowflakes.
We got ones with burrows on them.
I mean, they're all pretty beautiful.
Hmm.
I'm coming.
Morning, Mr. Holgen.
I was wondering if we could have a word.
Sure, come on in.
I'd love to show you my new flat screen TV.
Just got it.
So, Mr. Holgen, I thought I'd come over here and ask you one more time politely to please leave my house alone.
Sorry, Mr. Hill, but I just ordered a new couch.
That big TV just makes this one look so dinky.
Well, at least I tried.
Hey, Bill, why don't you make yourself comfortable?
Thank you, Hank.
Oh, I almost forgot to tell you, I just got myself certified as a trained mold expert.
Took me 30 minutes.
Great!
Maybe I'll see you at our conference in Aspen.
But you know, the insurance company will never let you test your own house and pass it.
Now, that would be a clear conflict of interest.
I know.
That's why I'm gonna test your house.
Ew!
Yeah, pretty gross, huh?
With the fungus and all.
Hey, is fungus a mold?
Let's find out.
Whoa there, now take it easy, okay?
Let's just talk about this.
Hey, you're testing right near his feet.
Sorry, I'm new at this.
But after I send the results to your insurance company, I'm sure they'll send someone out here and they'll do a more thorough search.
Punch a few holes in your wall, rip up your floorboards.
You know, I heard nine out of ten houses have mold.
But who knows, maybe you'll be one of the lucky ones.
Okay, okay.
What do you want?
Okay, Mr. Hill, you passed.
Your house is officially mold-free.
Goodbye.
Hold on.
We're not quite done yet.
You two owe me a parade.
So if you'll just step this way, and I know you will, come on, Bobby.
Let's show them the house that's gonna be yours someday.
This ranch-style rambler was built by the great-grandson of T. Anderson Kearney.
Uh, you might want to put your case down.
This is gonna take a while.
Now, a funny thing about this boot remover, well not so much funny as educational, is that it was owned by the man who fired the first shot at the Battle of Gonzales.
Yup.
