Yep.
Yep.
Mm-hmm.
Did you guys watch last night's episode of Survivor Guy?
I can't believe he used a snake like a lasso to swing across that ravine.
That was amazing.
Survivor Guy's not tough.
I've been using snakes as lasso since the second grade.
Dale, the man braves the world's roughest terrain armed only with willpower and a knife.
He's the greatest American hero ever born.
In Canada,
Okay, you want to see willpower?
For the next seven days I will eschew modern luxuries and live entirely off the land.
I'll even postpone date night.
Date night?
Every Friday Nancy and I share a romantic evening on the town and we don't go home until Nancy's out of money.
Huh, I haven't taken Peggy on a date since...
Huh.
Now, Hank, man, you're talking about that thing about them women, man.
You're going to keep them down on flame alive, man, on pitching boo, too, man.
Woo, huh?
Well, I did see a coupon to the pasta garden in the Sunday paper, a free iced tea with the purchase of any appetizer.
I'd love to take advantage of that.
I hope Peggy knows how lucky she is.
Hey there.
Beautiful.
Hank, what are you doing?
I am approaching you with romantic intent.
Peggy, will you go on a date with me this Friday?
A date?
Why, we're married.
Wait, are you going to tell me something awful in a public place so I won't make a scene?
No, Peggy can't a husband take his wife out on a date.
I want to show you off.
Is that crazy?
It is the sanest thing you've ever said.
But what about Bobby?
Friday is our game night.
Bobby's 13 years old.
I don't think he wants to spend Friday night with his parents anymore.
Come on, we could make this a regular thing, like cleaning the gutters or re-grouting.
Hank Hill, if you treat me as tenderly as you treat those gutters, it's gonna be quite a night.
Guess who found a bottle of old spice underneath the sink?
Ladies and gentlemen, game on.
Okay, last week things got a little hot, but I promise not to flip over the board tonight.
Honey, your father and I are going out on a date.
We were thinking of making Fridays our regular date night.
Date night?
Oh, you got me.
Okay, you can be the little car.
Nice bluff, Mom.
Wait.
You're serious?
Come on, Bobby.
I know the box says ages 8 to 80, but it's supposed to drop off a bit in the middle.
Fine.
I'll hit them all with Joseph and his football buddies.
But don't blame me when your dinner conversation stinks.
Tell you what.
We will pick you up on our way home.
Let's say 9 o'clock.
Fine.
Great.
Sure.
See you at 9.
Have fun.
OK, then.
I'm stranded out here in the wild plains of Arlen, Texas, the devil's epiglottis.
As the temperature plummets into the low sixties, a sturdy shelter is all that stands between me and certain death.
It's funny.
Out here I'm so vulnerable to the elements, yet more than anything, I just miss my family.
The loneliness.
That's what gets to you.
Date night.
What's that about?
The Hills used to be a Bobby Santrick family.
What if I'm not the center of their universe anymore?
My dad and I never do stuff together.
He says it's safer if we spread out.
I can't believe I'm stuck at the mall when I should be home watching my dad tip over the Jenga stack.
The guy's all thumbs.
It's hilarious.
You sure love your parents, dude.
You're gay!
Look at us, Peggy.
We're on a date.
Isn't it exciting?
So, Hank Hill, do you promise to have me home by curfew?
Well, sure.
Unless the service is slow, I don't anticipate there being a problem.
Oh, we didn't order these.
They're complimentary, sir.
complimentary salad and breadsticks?
Hank, did you call ahead and set this up?
I wish I could take credit.
This place just seems to specialize in class.
I don't care if she doesn't have a head.
That chick is hot!
You guys keep at it.
I'm just gonna go wait outside for my parents.
Uh, are you kicking me on purpose?
Hank, I am not kicking you.
I am playing footsie.
All right.
You're it.
Finally!
Boy, what a meal.
I had no idea what kind of things they were putting inside ravioli these days.
My friends, I hope you saved room for coffee and dessert.
Actually, coffee sounds great.
Really?
Well, in that case, maybe I'll try this thing right here.
A wonderful choice, Mr. Hill.
Our Mount Vesuvius hot lava cake takes about 20 minutes to prepare.
Will that be okay?
Go for it, Hank.
Lucky for you, I have a 20-minute anecdote.
When you're eight years old, New Orleans seems like the other end of the world to you.
So this is how it ends.
Day night!
I wonder if it's too late for me to coach in the NFL.
I don't need to be head coach right away.
I'm willing to start out as an offensive coordinator.
Peggy, would you join me on my side of the booth?
Hike Hill, you are blowing my mind.
Hello?
Hello?
That's all you got?
Just what the heck is going on?
What do you mean?
We're finishing dinner.
We'll be there to pick you up at nine.
Oh, really?
Well, you might want to check your watch, buddy boy.
It's ten-thirty.
Oh, my God, Peggy.
It's ten-thirty.
Ten-thirty?
Where's Bobby?
Bobby, where are you?
I'm at the get-in-get-out.
I hope you're happy.
I'm watching prostitutes by pantyhose.
He's at the get in, get out.
Bobby, uh, sometimes married people get caught up in a meal and they... Honey, the thing is... I don't want to hear it!
Honey, we had... Nope!
Can't believe it.
I don't leave my sunglasses in the car overnight, but I leave my boy in a parking lot.
If he takes a hammer to our heads while we sleep, I would not blame him.
It was an honest mistake, but we apologized.
Everything will be okay in the morning.
Right.
He'll be okay in the morning.
Hope you enjoyed your dessert.
What's that?
Nothing.
Bobby, good morning.
How do you figure?
What is this?
Breakfast.
But this is a homemade chocolate chip waffle topped with strawberries and whipped cream and surrounded by a bacon perimeter.
I guess I was feeling creative.
Oh, Bobby, your father and I feel so bad about last night.
We lost track of time and, well, your father just had to have this lava cake.
So you're saying this is dad's fault?
We could spend all day pointing fingers at your father, but would that solve anything, Bobby?
Comics?
Well, all right.
Morning, Bobby.
Morning, Father.
Make way for some hot syrup.
Thanks, Mom.
That meal was unnecessarily decadent.
It was a breakfast bribe.
She's trying to make me the scapegoat.
Hey, Hank Hill.
I knew Redneck's abandoned cars and refrigerators.
Guess we can throw kids on the list, too.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, dang it.
Peggy told Min, didn't she?
She's going to sell me out to the entire neighborhood.
Ha, ha, ha.
Sweet, helpless, Hank.
You wouldn't last one day in the wild.
Any skilled outdoorsman knows the female of a species is always the most fierce and calculating.
That's why you never fight a lady monkey.
Yeah.
Peggy here, savage.
She going to turn your son against you, unless you match her.
Bribe for bribe.
You expect me to bribe my son?
Bribe!
Hey there, Bobby.
About last night, uh, see, the thing is, I was all ready to leave when your mother ordered a cup of coffee.
I'm not trying to say your mother is responsible for this.
In fact, that's what I'm trying very hard not to say.
Hey, uh, why don't you hit the arcade?
Go shoot yourself some zombies and such.
Um, okay.
Thanks.
Enjoy, Bobby.
On me.
Your dad.
First a five-star breakfast and now free cash.
Dude, your parents are competing for your love.
You're like a child of divorce.
Wow.
I didn't know kids with divorced parents had it so good.
Oh, it's a sweet gig.
My mom and dad are trying to prove who loves me more.
What should I ask for next?
The Cain's Grennerburg Concert!
This Saturday night, it'll be wild and loud and overflowing with chicks!
My parents would never let me go to that.
It's perfect!
Unlike the majestic North American cow, I can't subsist on grass alone.
I'm going to need to hunt for food if I want to live.
And I do.
Dang it, she made him nachos?
Oh, come in.
Hey, Bobby, did you have a good time with the money I gave you?
Hey, guess I'm just feeling a little down today, you know?
Well, sure, your mother chose coffee over you.
That would upset anyone.
Oh, I can't stay mad at her.
She does so many little things to let me know how much she cares.
Is there maybe one big thing someone might do to show you they care?
No.
Unless, well, there's a thing I was hoping to go to on Saturday night, but... What?
Well, it's a rock concert and I need to stay out a little past curfew.
Guess I'll just ask Mom.
We don't need her how much past curfew.
The concert would probably end at about the same time I was being offered marijuana at the get-in-get-out the other night.
Oh, uh, well, if it's really important to you.
And I've been thinking, maybe I should get a new bike.
You know, something that could safely deliver me home when there's no one I could count on to pick me up.
I'm, uh... I'll be back.
I think this looks about right for my son.
Okay, so do I wheel it up front?
Hank, what are you doing here?
Peggy, nothing.
What are you doing here?
I also am here for nothing.
Wait, are you buying Bobby a bike?
That depends.
Are you buying him a cart full of toys?
Are you accusing me of bribery?
Are you guilty of bribery?
Oh, Hank, I feel so awful.
I neglected our sweet little Bobby.
He needed me and I was not there for him.
Yeah, we both messed up, but spoiling him with ridiculous gifts isn't going to make things better.
Oh, you're right.
It's all started because of our date night.
He just wanted to spend some time with us and we excluded him.
I know what we have to do.
So we're getting the bike, not getting the bike.
What am I doing?
Joseph, a lesser man would have stopped at concert tickets.
But I, being a dreamer, sent both my parents on a shopping spree.
Pardon me a moment.
Um, hey, you guys need help unloading anything?
The cars are empty, Bobby, but we are not empty-handed.
In fact, we got to use something very special.
Us.
You?
You're giving me you?
All you wanted was to be with your parents.
Will Bobby consider that wish granted?
We promise never to leave you alone ever again!
Never, ever, ever, ever, ever!
Five, six, seven.
Well, how about that?
Looks like I'm spending the night at the Hotel Bobby.
My Triple-A card is registered in the name of Hank Hill, though I'm currently traveling as a shoe.
Will that be a problem, Mr. Hotel Manager?
Good morning, Bobby.
How'd you sleep?
Did you miss us?
Oh, we missed you.
Well, I barely slept at all.
I was too excited about all the things we're going to do today as a family.
More family stuff?
Last night didn't get it out of your system.
Are you kidding?
We're just getting warmed up.
Okay, here's the thing.
Hanging out with you guys is all kinds of great.
But tonight's the concert at the Fun Zone.
A rock concert?
Bobby, there's nothing fun about going to a rock concert.
Without your parents!
Oh, God.
In the wild, there is no greater survival skill.
Dale, did you steal this stuff from the neighbors?
No, I tracked through the wild and foraged for it.
There is no greater survival skill than the ability to start a fire without matches.
Lucky for me, the Arlen Plains are rich in natural propane tank deposits.
Come on.
Can you feel the electricity?
We are gonna rock in hardcore tonight.
What do we do till the show starts?
You know, there's an arcade game I wanna play, but I just remembered.
It's a one-player game, so I'll have to play by myself.
I'll check you later.
It's awful, Joseph.
My only moment of privacy today was in the bathroom.
And even then, my mom sat outside the door and sang to me.
Dude, that's pretty weird.
Unless... what song was it?
Hey, Bobby!
Look at me, Bobby!
I'm skiing, Bobby!
What happened?
Did you win?
Are you dead?
Those trees are so blurry, I think you're going light speed!
Hey Bobby, Joseph said you're going to the Cain-Schrederberg concert.
We should head bang when they play Screeching Weasel.
Well, I was planning to go to the concert, but... Hi, Piggy Hill.
I love Cain Scattersmith.
I also love my son, Bobby.
Um, have fun.
Hank, grab Bobby's hand.
We'll be a family chain.
No more!
No more family time.
No more following me around.
I can't goddamn take it.
But you wanted to be with us.
You felt so alone.
You had nightmares.
I was faking.
Now, don't get me wrong.
I was upset when you forgot me.
I would have gotten over it eventually, but then I found myself at the center of a full-blown gift-giving competition.
And that's not a bad place to be.
Your father should not have tried to pay you off.
That was wrong.
Me?
Peggy, you woke up at 5 a.m.
to cook the boy breakfast.
Only because he was acting so upset.
He wouldn't even talk to us.
Because you guys left me alone in a scary parking lot for an hour.
Huh.
I guess we all made some mistakes.
But if time to yourself is what you really want... Abundanzer!
Now I guess you're gonna need a new shelter.
Good thing you're such a skilled outdoorsman.
Okay, I quit.
The skies have grown hostile.
I've got a lot of work to do if I'm gonna make it through the night.
We're getting the bike, not getting the bike.
What am I doing?
