Oh, I'm cold.
Why don't we just buy the worms at a bait shop?
Bait shop worms are factory farm worms.
They keep them in little cages their whole lives.
They never get to run around free.
It's sad, really.
And the fish know the difference.
Why don't you just buy the fish?
Bobby, you're missing the point.
We don't fish for the fish.
90% of what I like about this sport, and it is a sport, is sitting in the boat for five hours doing nothing.
And the icing on the cake is when God smiles on you and you hook one.
And then when you're reeling it in, everything else falls away.
You don't think about taxes or traffic or that pushy gal that's trying to get into the Citadel or who's gonna take care of you when your mother and I are old and incapacitated?
All there is is a man, a rod, a lake, and a fish.
And it all starts with a hand-dug American worm.
Uh, Dad, who is gonna take care of me?
What the hell?
Somebody's trying to steal my truck.
Hey!
Hey, get out of there!
Hey!
Let me go, man!
You ain't going nowhere.
I'm placing you under citizens arrest.
You can't do that!
The hell I can't!
The hell you can't!
Language, Bobby.
As an American citizen, I have the authority to detain you until an officer of the peace arrives.
And I also have the authority to kick your ass, which is something that your father obviously forgot to do.
Billeray Walters, you've entered a plea of guilty.
Have your rights been explained to you?
Rights?
This better not be one of them Carter-appointed judges.
No, that's Judge Roland MacFarlane.
He was in the paper for his creative sentencing.
Oh, great.
Before I sentence you, I want to express the court's appreciation to Mr. Hank Hill.
Oh, quiet, Peggy.
Who apprehended you at great risk to his own person.
Oh, thanks.
Lucky he didn't get killed.
I hope they lock that thief up and throw away the key.
That thief is my boyfriend.
Boyfriend?
Okay, hot wire.
Here's what we're gonna do.
You like trucks so much?
For the next three months, I'm sentencing you to live in a truck.
What the?
If I send you to prison, they're just gonna teach you how to be a better truck thief.
So you're gonna spend the next 90 days in a cab of a pickup.
An import.
Finally, a judge with some common sense.
Uh, Hill?
Yeah, Hank Hill.
You were holding my truck for evidence.
Here's a picture of her if it'll help.
Oh, yes, here it is.
Base G-26.
What the... Oh!
Oh my God!
What did you do to my truck?
Let's see.
The thief was inside your vehicle, so under the law, we had to check for drugs.
He was in my front seat.
He didn't hide any drugs in my spark plugs.
Well, we know that now, Mr. Hill.
If I don't get out on the lake, my head is gonna pop a gasket.
Please calm down.
If you have a stroke, who will help me take care of Bobby?
Uncle Hank, I got the 92-4 truck schematic and I've lined up all the parts.
Dad!
Dad, what are you looking for?
Are you looking for chicken?
It's right here.
Chicken.
I'm looking for madang fish and cheers.
Hank, relax.
Here, Nancy gave me some ginseng tea.
She got it from John Redcorn.
Ginseng?
I don't need to get all hopped up on dope.
I get stressed out at the beauty school sometimes.
You know, without the combing and politics.
And I just do yoga.
I could put my feet up behind my head and want me to show you.
Oh, no!
Keep your legs below your waist for God's sakes.
Look, all I need to do is get out on the lake and fish.
Ah, listen to that silence.
You ever hear anything so quiet?
Hey, boom hour, trade you one of my garlic-scented lures for one of your electric ones.
Why don't you guys call that stuff by its real name, cheater bait?
You and your worms are fishing in the past, Hank, in the days of black and white televisions and a democratically elected Congress.
Got one, man.
Ooh, that's a big old man.
Look at him leave them nice teeth on there, man.
It's like a dang old Taco Grande, man, with them dang old... Oh!
Dang, boom, how she's the beauty.
Say cheese to meet ya.
Okay, catch and release.
Time to throw her back.
All right, fella, there you go.
Tell your friends, plenty more where that came from.
Oh, yeah!
Oh, check it out.
I ain't call it cheater bait, but I call it scrumdilly garlic issues.
Ow, ingrate.
Hey Hank, maybe you should be taking the pictures.
Give you something to do.
Hey, you guys may be catching fish, but I'm the only one fishing.
God's way with the worm.
You know what I just realized.
Hank hadn't caught fish.
You looking to go for a swim, Bill?
No, you know what else I just realized?
This is the first time any of us has caught more fish than Hank.
Come on, Bill, don't rub his nose in it.
Whoa, we know, man!
I am the greatest!
So, we're all meeting at the pharmacy to get aloe vera for Bill's back.
Maybe I'll meet you guys later.
I'm going down to the bait shop buy some new books.
Dang, Ray.
What happened?
Did I miss one of your rays gone trout of his mind sales?
I'm going trout of business, Hank.
I can't compete with the Megalomart.
I hate that Megalomart.
People go there just to save a nickel and end up putting half Arlen out of business.
Yeah, anyway.
What brings you in?
New rod?
New reel?
What?
Actually, I was thinking of trying one of them scented lures.
Maybe vanilla.
You giving up the worm, Hank?
She let me down, Ray.
I reeled in empty today.
Well, how about some fluorescent salmon eggs or some marshmallow bait or some blood dough balls?
I tried those before.
They don't beat the worm.
Hey, I know.
You ever hear of a guy named Jack?
Well, I went to high school with a fella named... No, no, no.
This guy never went to school.
He grew up in the hills, but he wrote the book on homemade bait.
Of course, he's just a bunch of scribbles, because he never went to school.
Hmm, where's his shop?
Oh, he don't have a shop, I think.
See, he sells his stuff out of his truck, corner sixth in Woodmont.
Well, thanks, Ray.
I'll come by tomorrow and pick up your propane tank.
Uh-huh, uh-huh.
Why don't you call first?
Hey, G. What do you want?
What do you need?
Looking to buy?
Uh, G. I am looking to buy.
Uh, are you Jack?
I got you Jack right here, Jack.
Well, as I was telling Ray, Jack, uh, I've been thinking about trying something new.
What you need?
Well, I've always been a worm man, but Ray was telling me about your bait and- Bait.
You call it bait.
I like that.
What do you look and spend?
Uh, well, I got 20.
20 gets you all the bait you need, Jack.
Rock on.
Huh.
Freshness jars.
Sure don't get that at Megalomark.
Come on, Hank, fish or get off the pot.
Uh, just a second.
How the heck does Jack fish with this stuff?
I like beer, Hank.
Don't you like beer?
I mean, I love beer.
Whoa, got one!
Sweet Gene Vincent, I'm back.
Dang, man, that's quick, man.
You don't have to talk me heck to man.
Man, ain't no fishing a magician, man.
All right, there, redhead, back you go.
Oh, looks like they're hungry for worms today.
Pass me one, will you, Hank?
Uh, what's the matter?
Batteries go dead on your electric spinner?
Whoa, Hank.
What you got there?
Blood dough balls?
They'll hank only fishes with worms.
Why, anything else would be cheating.
Well, well, well.
Looks like our friend is a hippie crit.
Now, hold on there.
This is, uh, natural bait.
Homemade in the USA.
Look, Hank, you can offer all the, the knives and rationalizations you want, but the bottom line is still the same.
We won't try that day!
Yeah, man, give us a day.
Come on!
Alright, ease off.
A little chunk'll do ya.
Well now that is the dangest thing.
This is the same fish I just threw back.
Come on darling, time to get wet.
Come on now, off my hook.
Go on now, get, uh, Vomino.
Oh man, now I have to reapply my sunscreen.
I tell you what, I caught more fish today than I did in the 80s.
Those were the Reagan years.
Somebody call Ripley because he's the only one who's going to believe how many fish I caught this morning.
Is that where you've been?
Oh good lord Hank, the sun just came up.
No it didn't.
It rose at 4 57 a.m.
exactly one hour after I landed two 10-pound bucket mouths on a single hook.
I tell you it's like they were fighting over that piece of Jack's miracle bait.
What are you buying bait for, Dad?
Remember, you said it all starts with a hand-dug American worm?
Uh, no.
I mean, yes, that's how it starts.
But a lot of things end up different from where they start.
Like, remember that time I started building you a clubhouse and I ended up with a new tool shed.
So, Luan, how's my truck?
Bad news, Uncle Hank.
I had to order a new fuel pump.
I figured it was urgent, so I asked him to upset.
Good thing I just got back from fishing, or that would bother me.
It's kind of starting to bother me.
Yep, I'm bothered.
I better get on the lake.
Not tell you, Hank.
I can't wait to try some more of your new bait.
My bait?
Well, I wish I could help you, but I only have a little bit left.
Oh, that's all right.
Only takes a little bit to catch the hogs and that stuff.
Yeah, yeah, it's too bad I'm all out.
You just said you had a little left.
That's right, and then I used it up.
Don't lie to us, friend, because when you lie, you make an ass out of you and me.
Yeah, Hank, man, it'll be Bogart in that dang old beak.
Anyway, I just remembered I promised Bobby I'd take him fishing, just the two of us.
See ya.
Well, I'll take a stick of that gum.
I'm tired.
When's the part when we get to sit around for five hours doing nothing?
That's a good one, son.
Wake up, Hank.
We're being burgled.
Huh?
You go check on Bobby, I'll see what's going on.
We'll just see how much of that bait he has left.
You drop that tackle box!
It's okay Hank, it's me, Dale Gribble.
I said drop the box!
Well, my termite inspection is concluded.
Congratulations, you passed.
Can I have some more butter for my pancakes?
That's it.
I'm going fishing.
Come on.
Come on.
Take the bait.
You know you want it.
Where are you going?
This ain't a worm, this is the good stuff!
Oh man, the Wonderbait!
For me?
Wait a minute, what's wrong with it?
It doesn't work anymore.
The fish won't touch the stuff.
They spit it out like poison.
I don't get it.
I get it.
Take it from a graduate of the Exterminators Academy at Humble.
You've introduced a new element into their ecosystem.
Problem?
They've gotten wise to it.
Solution?
You need something stronger.
Cockroach 101.
Now, don't get me wrong, Jack.
I'm not criticizing your product or by extension you.
Yeah, yeah, I get it, Jack.
What you need is something stronger.
Exactly.
You understand.
Well, what am I saying?
Of course you understand.
You're a fisherman.
I'll have what he's having.
Dale?
What are you doing here?
I followed you.
Every twist and every turn.
By the way, I'm gonna need to follow you home.
Freeze!
Hands where I can see him!
Huh?
Oh, this is all my fault.
I got you started on that ginseng tea.
And with your addictive personality, of course, that led to your- I swear, Peggy, I thought I was buying fishing bait.
Don't lie to me, Hank.
I am not stupid.
I am a substitute teacher, not one of your drug-smoking friends.
Mr. Hill, this bass fishing defense isn't going to cut it.
Were you abused as a child?
What?
No!
Are you sure?
Jury's eat that up.
Maybe I ought to tie that long hair on your head to the short hair on your ass and kick you down the street.
I told you I am not a doper.
Come on, Mr. Hill.
We all use drugs, even the president.
Not my president.
I voted for Dole.
Only thing he's on is painkillers, and he earned it.
Next case, Mr. Gribble and Hill.
Nice to see you again, Mr. Hill.
I assume you're the resting citizen.
Well, no, it's the funniest kind of mix-up, Your Honor.
Just one moment.
Mr. Gribble, remove your hat in my courtroom.
I do not recognize the authority of a court that hangs the gold fringe flag.
A flag with gilded edges is the flag of an admiralty court.
An admiralty court signifies a naval court-martial.
I cannot be court-martial twice.
That is all.
Furthermore... Bailiff, gag him.
This must be a typo.
Mr. Hill, you're the last person I expected to be a drug user.
Objection, Your Honor.
My dad doesn't use drugs.
The only thing he needs to be happy is fishing.
Sustained.
That's right, Judge.
The strongest thing I use is BC headache powder.
I'll tell you what, I may have accidentally purchased once or twice some illegal substances, but I was using them quite successfully, I might add, as fish bait.
Fish bait.
Guilty.
I told you.
I told him, Your Honor.
That's enough out of you.
You're fired.
Judge, I'm not lying to you here.
I'm no criminal.
I'm just a fisherman.
Well, Hill, I don't like your story.
But you've got the haircut of an honest man.
So I'm willing to give you a chance to prove you're not a liar.
You say you were using the stuff as bait?
Yes, sir.
Well, I'm a bit of an angler myself.
So tomorrow, you, me, and your bald buddy there are gonna go out to the lake.
And you're going to show me how to catch a wide mouth bass with a rock or crack.
Uh, well, hold on a second.
You see, the fish won't take the bait anymore.
The ecosystem has changed and... I've made my ruling.
Either you reel one in tomorrow or the two of you are going to spend the next 24 months making Texas state license plates.
Next case.
Fidelity Mutual Insurance vs. Layaway Raise Bait Shop.
Hill, it's been six hours.
You ready to admit your crime and do your time?
No, sir, your honor.
I'm making progress here.
I can feel it.
Wing.
Wing.
Wing, go, man.
I think I got one.
Hold on to her, Dale.
Don't let her go.
Oh, thank you, Lord.
Well, I'll be.
Looks like you, boss, are telling the truth after all.
Uh... Grebble, this fish is frozen.
I caught it.
That's my position.
You obviously bought this at a grocery store.
You try something like that again and I'll double your sentence.
You jiblet head if you were gonna cheat why the hell did you buy frozen bass?
I had a coupon All right five more minutes and that's it I gotta be at a lethal injection by midnight get your butt off the cooler Duke his honor wants a pudding
Hey, don't do it.
We've already tried to cheat.
He'll double our sentence.
I'm not cheating now, Dale.
Using cheater bait was cheating.
I got greedy.
I'm no better than that lazy grease ball who tried to steal my truck.
Let's face the facts.
We're going to prison.
And all we'll have to dream about is the last time we went fishing.
I don't know about you, but I want to remember casting off with a hand-dug American worm.
Well, time's up.
Start rowing, Duke.
Not as a man who loves to fish.
Almost makes me sorry to send him to the farm.
She ain't pretty, but she's a bass all right.
You're free to go.
She's the most beautiful fish I ever caught, I tell you what.
Hold her up, Hank.
She's a wall hanger.
Uh, he.
That's it!
I'm going fishing!
