Veneto.
Pasamacos testes.
Oh, and do not forget tonight's extra credit assignment.
You're just a sub.
You can't give extra credit.
Well, no.
Not towards your grade.
But you will get credit with me.
And those piggy points add up.
Well, olas, Senor Chairman Geiger.
Peggy, I just got off the phone with Janine Truesdale.
She's taking another personal day, so I'll need you again tomorrow, and you'll have to cover the Spanish Club.
Tomorrow?
Tomorrow is the Spanish club field trip to Mexico.
I didn't make it to department head supervising three people by letting a sub take students to a foreign land.
And I didn't make it to substitute teacher of the year by taking no for an answer.
Except on tests with yes or no questions where no was the correct answer.
You can come too.
Well, the bus is non-refundable, and my throat could use a break from speaking German.
I will not let you down.
This is the rare instance where the sub is actually more dependable than the regular teacher, who I suspect is, in fact, a drunk.
Hey, I got an idea.
Instead of going to Mexico, why don't you borrow my sombrero, stay in Ireland, and teach the kids to count?
You know, uno dos tres, like that.
Hank, why don't you want me to go to Mexico?
Is it the exchange rate?
No, uh, it's just that the Spanish they speak there is, uh, you know, fluent.
And I am not fluent?
In fact, I am so fluent that I may tutor a few Mexican kids while I'm down there.
How about that?
Bobby.
It is crucial that I impress Chairman Geiger.
Although I'm sure all the kids will love this trip.
I need one unified voice to vocalize what everyone is thinking.
Here are your lines.
What is that?
A Spanish dictionary?
Dad made me take it.
Your mother is a Spanish dictionary.
Oh, Bobby, if you ever marry a Spanish teacher, and you probably will, never doubt her enormous gifts.
Peggy, this is the itinerary Ms.
Truesdale planned for the trip.
What's on there?
A tequila factory?
She's gonna turn over.
Gosh, I wish Peggy were here to see this.
Da-ha!
Oh, dang.
Oh, dang!
License and registration, please.
Oh, uh, for the record, the man on the license weighs 190, and I'm up to about 197 now.
I would have had it changed, but I was hoping to get back to my playing weight.
Let me guess.
Football?
Yeah, played a little half back at Arlen Hype.
I think I saw you on the field when I was a cheerleader alternate at Rumpert.
Oh, you're too young to have seen me play.
Am I ready?
Okay.
Let's make a rumpus, Rumpert.
Go Rumpert!
I do this split, but I've got a backup pistol strapped to my ankle, and I'm not as flexible as I used to be.
Oh, I'm sure you're still plenty flexible.
I'm gonna let you off with just a warning.
If you promise to drive safely.
Oh, I promise.
And not just because safe driving is cool, but because it's the right thing to do.
On behalf of the Spanish Club, let me just say that we are honored to be guided by the first sub ever to lead a field trip on foreign soil.
Who's with me?
Gracias, Roberto.
But from now on, we will only speak the language of the natives.
Yeah.
Um, no need no directions.
In Espanol, poor favor.
I don't speak no languages.
Then I will teach you.
Izquierda means left and Derecha means right.
So do I make Izquierda or Espercha?
Espercha.
Anyway, turns out the police officer used to be a cheerleader over at Rumpert.
Cheerleader?
I thought you said he was a cop.
It was one of those lady cops you hear about.
Jeez, must have been humiliating to get a beating from a lady cop.
There was no beating.
We talked football, she ripped up the ticket, end of story.
Love story.
Yeah, man, you know, I ain't gonna go flirtin' that way a little tick like that, man.
Yeah, it ain't you, man.
I was not flirting.
I didn't even mention that I worked in propane.
Did you mention you have a wife?
It didn't come up.
No way.
You're terrible.
Where are we?
Where's the museum?
Oh, will you forget the museum?
The Mexico I want my students to see is not on any map.
Well, it's certainly not on this map.
Please stop the bus.
I need to get my bearings.
Perfecto!
We are going to follow him and show the kids a day in the life of a real mexicano, huh?
Señor, donde va?
Que?
Pues voy a trabajar en mi carnicería.
Excellent!
He is going to work at a carnacería or a carnival.
Oh my...
Oh, window.
Underlight.
All right.
Walk in unophile, poor favor.
What the hell kind of carnival is this?
Well, it's a poor village.
They can't afford the rides.
But they do have a petting zoo.
All right.
Polo, poor oo.
Polo, poor oo.
Oh, Harman, everything is under control.
Relax.
Have a chicken.
I don't know.
Maybe I could hold just the one.
He would like his chickens.
And judging from his costume, I think he's getting ready for a show.
My chicken is the star of the show.
Oh, sweet mother of pearl.
That's everything's fine.
Um, you have just watched one of my favorite Mexican magic tricks.
And now, as his volunteer assistant, I will complete the illusion.
Olay!
Returning to the scene of the crime, huh?
I don't feel right about you letting me off the hook this morning.
I think I need more than a slap on the wrist.
Really?
Yeah, I'd like that ticket.
God, I am not in the mood for a possible arson right now.
Here, I think this is what you came for.
I thank you for your professionalism, ma'am.
The concept of students smiling is foreign to me.
I think your son put it best when he said the Spanish department would be lucky to have Peggy Hill as its newest permanent member.
Bobby said that?
I drank the water.
In Espanol.
Tu eres puerca.
Muy bueno.
Okay, come on everybody.
El autobús.
Andale, andale.
Quiere comprar chicle, señora?
Oh, thank you.
I feel pretty.
Now everyone on the bus now, please.
Pero yo no me quiero montarle en el camión.
Yo vivo aquí en México, señora.
I know we all love Mexico, but it's time to go home.
Oh, for heaven's sake, first she wouldn't get on the bus, now she won't go home.
Where are your parents?
I don't speak English.
Okay, we're back in America.
You can speak English now.
Now honey, where are your parents?
They live in Mexico.
Yes, long live Mexico.
Now where are your parents?
They live in Mexico.
Oh, no.
Thanks to Citizen Gorgeous, we have a police state in the alley.
You three better leave before I write you tickets for public drunkenness.
But we're not drunken yet.
You want to spend a day in court fighting it?
Huh?
Huh?
Come on, big boy.
Huh?
Look, there's something you should know.
My wife is going to be home any minute.
Do you know which route she's taking?
Because I could easily set up a roadblock.
OK, then.
Hey doggie.
I'll take me at Burger with that shake.
Bye, fancy pants.
Oh, we should have her call her parents in case they're worried.
La Lame, su familia Lupe.
Mi familia no tiene teléfono.
Oh, she refuses to call home because her family hates her.
What's the hate?
Yo soy un madre y yo soy serteno y su madre amore yo mucho mucho.
No tengo la menor idea de lo que me está diciendo.
Pero más vale que no sea nada malo de mi mamá.
I was afraid of this.
Now she wishes that I was her mother.
If your father or hair geiger finds out about this, it's over.
We will hide her until morning, and when your father goes to work, I will smuggle her back into Mexico.
Now give her some space.
She does not like you.
Take this to Lupi.
Oh my god, Bobby, did you wrap me out?
Did you?
How much should they give you?
What are you doing, girl?
You leave a bone in there?
A ball?
Ah, a bone.
Uh, Peggy, there's a little Mexican girl in the utility closet.
Must be a friend of Bobby's.
Bobby!
Bobby!
Okay.
I accidentally brought her back from Mexico.
You brought an extra kid back and didn't notice it?
Well, we better call the authorities.
What could the authorities do that I can't, except ruin my teaching career?
I am taking her back first thing in the morning.
Peggy, maybe you're in a little over your head.
I smuggled that girl into this country without even knowing it.
Don't you think I can smuggle her back if I put my mind to it?
Fire.
This show pretty accurate.
Hank, close the blinds or put the wig back on Lupe.
Oh my lord, that police woman is here again.
What?
We need a distraction.
Ram her car with your truck, then get into one of those high-speed chases.
Boy, that's a handsome squad car.
What is that, a Caprice, a Crown Victoria?
It's a Crown Victoria.
Uh-huh.
Now, how's the siren work?
Has it got a button or some kind of a toggle switch?
A toggle?
Huh.
Did you know, in Greek mythology, a siren was a beautiful woman who sang so sweetly that she could make sailors crash into the rocks?
It was kind of a romantic, innit?
Actually, pretty irresponsible.
Good job, Hank.
Pull over, Mrs. Hill.
Loopy.
Follow my lead.
Step out of the car, please.
Turn around.
Spread him.
Not bad.
But take a look at this.
Huh?
Huh?
Now get out of here.
Peggy Hill, you are one cool customer.
Well, honey, you're home.
I don't want to make this goodbye any harder than I... Do not worship me!
Worship my actions!
Oh, please.
You finally.
For los niños.
For los niños.
I'm just here for the children.
I'm getting a commendation.
Wait till Geiger hears about this.
I would have gotten here earlier, but some of your roads are very bad.
Comprende, español.
Sí, señor.
Ojalá que te purras en la cárcel y que las ratas te coman los ojos.
Oh, gracias.
Un teléfono por la me me esposo, por favor.
Hello.
Hank, I am in Nuevo Laredo, and I am a big freakin' hero for bringing Lupe home safely.
Well, good job, Peggy.
I'm proud of you.
Thank you.
Now, I need you to do me a solid.
Get me the number for Herr Geiger.
I want him on speakerphone when I meet the mayor.
Okay.
I think I saw your dress book on the nightstand.
Okay.
Excuse me.
What are you doing?
You would give me back my shoelaces?
I am United States citizen.
These are tight!
Ow!
That is too tight!
You are creating an incident internazionale!
Hank!
Hank!
Patience, Peggy.
Okay.
Herman Geiger.
Hank, I have been arrested!
Peggy, quit messing around.
This is long distance.
Get down here, Hank!
Help!
Help!
Oh, I knew he'd come back.
This time I will make that horse drink.
Okay, okay, I was speeding.
You won't speeden, Hank.
Feel this.
Look, this is not a good time.
My wife is in trouble.
You know, I don't get you.
One minute you're trying to get under my hood, and the next minute you don't want to leave your wife.
I never wanted to leave my wife.
I'm sick of these mind games.
Maybe I should just take you in.
No, no, I've got to go.
Halt or I'll shoot!
How can I be sure about those alleged seven extra pounds you say you're carrying?
Huh?
Well, that could be a gun or stolen art for all I know.
I assure you, it is simply a small additional ridge of fat.
If you want to go to your wife so bad, then I gotta frisk you.
I'm not really comfortable being touched.
Then I'll just have to take you in.
Alright.
No say can you see, but in the dawn's early light, not so proudly.
You're clean.
I feel dirty.
Bye, fancy pants.
This hearing will determine if there is enough evidence to hold you for trial.
If we do go to trial, you will be transferred to a facility in Mexico City until your court date, which could be anywhere from one and a half to six years.
Call your first witness, Attorney.
Your Excellency, I will prove here today that my client accidentally transported a minor to cross the international border.
All right Peggy, get your stuff.
No, no, no, no, no.
I'm afraid the charges against your wife are quite serious.
But I have a brilliant plan.
I intend to show that her Spanish is so poor, she could barely order a glass of water, much less order that child to do anything.
That is completely untrue.
And if that goes down on the Mexican records, my teaching career is tostada.
I am very fluent.
Listen to me roll my Rs.
I rest my case.
Nuestro país, elio depende.
Did you hear that?
Now we have to all sit here while this guy goes out and buys a hat.
Mr. Ortiz, I hate to disagree with you, but my wife speaks perfect Spanish.
You must put her on the stand.
But that is crazy.
So that she may tell her story in her own words.
In Spanish.
Ah, of course.
Uh... Peggy, I think you should go up on the stand.
You're right.
That blowhard will go on forever if I don't get up there.
Mrs. Hill, in your own words, your own Spanish words, please tell the judge what happened with Little Lupe.
Su pudinor, yo poder ver que usted ser cabalo reasonable.
Yo estoy muy embarizada por la que pasar por Lupe.
Ella comer mi accidente de comión y yo nomas guerra que hacer que Lupe ser Libro.
Senora Hill, tenga la bondad de ponerse de pie para escuchar su veredicto.
Oh, my God!
I'm going to jail!
He said you're not guilty.
Oh, oh, right.
Good.
Oh, thank you.
Gracias, Portugal.
Congratulations, Peggy, you did it.
See?
And that is not Spanish for yes.
That is Peggy Hill for I told you so.
See?
My chicken is the star of the show.
