Hey, me and Dale are taking Bobby's troop up by the lake for order of the straight arrow this weekend.
Y'all want to come for old time's sake?
Well, of course I'll go.
I'll never miss an order of the straight arrow.
Not since ours.
Yeah, ours was something special.
Now for the final test.
The snipe hunt.
Not gonna sugarcoat it.
Some of you ain't coming back.
Those who survive will be honored members of the Order of the Straight Era.
Those who don't, will be dead.
Question.
Are you ready?
Yeah!
If you want the test of silence, useless, give me a silent stick.
For the rest of your long, miserable life, you will carry the scar of failure.
Now go give me a beer.
And you boys get out there and bag some snipe!
Snipe!
Shut up, Dale.
There is no snipe.
I heard my dad talking to your dad.
So what are we doing out here?
We're going to get snackered, I tell you what, boy, man.
I want to get all messed up and just pollute our minds out of three sheets of dang old wind, man.
I grew up I'm gonna drink this stuff every day just like my dad and fly jets and maybe even be an astronaut.
I'm gonna live in London and be a rich millionaire and have people killed.
I'm gonna sell propane and propane accessories if my grades are good enough.
Oh kids and their crazy dreams.
I'm so depressed I can't even blink.
Well, we're gonna make some men out of those twelve-year-old boys tomorrow, I tell you what.
Well, we still get to play practical jokes, right?
They're not jokes, Bill.
They're painful lessons.
I thank my father for all the tricks he played on me.
He taught me the most wonderful lesson a child can learn.
Never trust nobody.
That's how I know Bob Dole's faking that dead arm.
I tell you what you do, man, I don't even know how to handle a water trick that's gonna work every time, man.
You just put it in a water like that, and it don't, it's, they spend a whole dadgum day like that cleaning up that dang old pee-pee.
Yeah, but those are getting tired.
We need some new material.
Dad, can me and Bobby bring a life preservers?
If you want to be sissies... He said yes!
Hey, Dale, uh, there's your wife's, uh... Healer.
Yeah, John Redcorn, let's get some funny Indian stuff to do.
Hey, John Redcorn!
Hank, Dale, Bill, Whomhower.
John Redcorn, we've got this order of the straight arrow retreat tomorrow, and I was wondering... I'd be honored to look after your wife.
Oh!
Well, gee, thanks.
But what I was really wondering is if you had some good Indian stuff for the ceremony around the campfire.
Hmm, our rituals are considered sacred and are passed down only in the nation.
Oh well, that don't bother us.
Hell no, we'll take a sacred one.
There is a very ancient ceremony I learned from my grandfather.
We call upon the sacred Wimatenya, and we ask him to breathe life into our spirit bag.
See, spirit bags, Wimatenya, funny looking headband.
Oh, the boys are going to eat this stuff up.
The spirit bag is very sacred.
You should not make light.
I like how you say everything's sacred.
That's funny too.
Let's do that, Hank.
I got a bunch of ladies tennis socks we can use for spirit bags.
I got them in a divorce.
Now, every time she plays, she gets blisters.
It's been six years, Bill.
Don't you think she'd have bought some new socks by now?
I want to get that straight arrow patch so bad.
I'm going to put it right here next to my sewing patch.
It's supposed to be hard.
I heard they make you walk on hot coals and then you have to eat them.
Ew!
After you walk on them?
Hell, that's hot!
Hell, you're not kidding!
Fuck!
Hardone, mate!
Did I just hear what I almost heard?
I was gonna say... Fuuuugget about it!
Son, Peggy Hill knows half a swear word when she hears one.
Can I go to sleep?
You had the coolest mom.
She smells like Miracle Whip.
Hey, guys.
Hey, Eustace.
Hey, Eustace.
Hey, Eustace.
All right, Randy.
Remember, the purpose of this weekend is to have fun.
Daddy loves you whether you get your straight arrow patch or not.
What a load.
Can you imagine how I'd have turned out if my dad had loved me no matter what?
Thanks for the bus fare, Aunt Peggy.
Don't be silly, honey.
It is very important that you be there for your mama.
This is her big day.
Well, actually, her big day is a sentencing.
This is just the arrangement.
Here's a fun saver.
Take lots of pictures.
There we go.
Have a good time.
Here's a fun saver.
Take lots of pictures.
Gosh, Pig, if I didn't know better, I'd think you were anxious to see us go.
Well, that is not true.
You and Bobby are my whole life.
Come on, kids!
Let's go!
Everybody in the car!
I'm the light now!
Hold on, boys.
Before we go, we have to ask the Great Spirit, uh, Wumatanya, to watch over us on this trip.
This trip is about the sacredness of Mother Earth and all she gives us.
So pee now, because once we're on the road, we ain't stopping.
I'll see you Sunday, pig.
Okay.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
All right.
Bye-bye.
Oh, damn it.
Looks like we're delayed a couple hours.
I gotta charge up the battery.
Drop the clutch on!
We metanye!
Let's spot license plates.
I see Texas, we metanye!
We metanye, there's another Texas, we metanye!
We metanye, I see Texas, we metanye!
Wimitanyay, Texas, Wimitanyay.
What you guys just shut up?
You didn't say Wimitanyay!
Boom, Howard, pass them.
I got an idea.
Pass them up.
Wimitanyay, ask Mr. Gribble's butt, Wimitanyay.
Get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in, get in,
I see Texas, we matane!
All right, that's it.
Everybody pile out right now.
Okay, the 24-hour oath of silence starts now.
Hear your silence sticks.
Those are slim jeans.
That's what the white man calls them.
When matanya calls them silent sticks to test your spirit of shutting up.
Each time you talk, I take a bite.
Talk five times and you're out.
24-hour silence starting now.
Right now?
Bobby, son, you just talked.
Now, I'll let that pass, but don't talk again.
Thanks, Dad.
Son, give me that slim, Jim.
I'm hungry.
No problem.
Ha!
That was a test.
Joseph, give Mr. Dothrieve a bite of your silent stick.
Remember kids, you never know when you're going to be tested.
Now who else is hungry?
I am!
Gotcha!
Bobby, Randy, Garth, pass your silent sticks up.
See kids, it's harder than you think.
You don't want to end up like Randy's dad.
My dad's a successful patent lawyer.
Not in the eyes of Wumitanya.
I'm still hungry.
Who wants a dollar, say me?
Me!
Well, these things are addictive.
Lord Bobby, watch out, son.
You've lost more chores than anybody.
Now don't talk, no matter what.
But, Matanya, Mr. Gripple's not wearing his seat belt.
Bobby, you just got four in a row.
One more bite and you can't make straight arrow.
I'll take that jerky now.
Here it is, boys, the great outdoors.
Thanks to our efforts, we have preserved the nesting areas for the Texas spotted owl, the snail darter, and the endangered whooping crane.
And we eliminated 300 logging jobs.
Also, this note people, the brown herbal ecstasy is bad.
Do not, I repeat, do not take the brown herbal ecstasy.
Thank you all.
Oh man, what kind of lefty hootenanny is this?
Look at that one bouncing around in front of God and everybody.
Would it kill a tree if she wore a bra?
I'm beginning to think this silence thing is just so we don't bother them.
They're not testing anything except for how dumb we are.
It's a whole trick.
My dad wouldn't trick us!
My dad wouldn't trick us.
We want to donate!
Wematanye, who wants another beer, Wematanye?
I am kicking elk.
As long as the sacred fire is burning, the oath of silence is suspended.
Take the log.
Shut up, I'm talking here.
We of the Order of the Straight Arrow, call upon the spirit Wematane, protector of the sacred ground, that brings us cool water to drink, and energy efficient, clean, burning, propane gas for all our sacred heating and cooking needs.
Wematane says, respect the earth.
She's ours by God, our tax is paid for.
Also, it says here, you gotta love all her creatures.
Uh, let's see.
Oh, here we go.
Though we walk through the valley of the shadow of death, you're going to recommend us to the spirit in the sky, with liberty and justice for all.
Womitanya is with you, and with Texas.
Amen.
Amen.
I'd like a room, please.
I am Senora Groscha, Ibanez, and I will be paying in cash.
Now we will say the oath of the order of the straight arrow.
A straight arrow tells the truth.
A straight arrow loves nature.
A straight arrow is against Bill H.R.B.D.7 to allow the importation of South American propane.
We must turn it.
And now for the final test, the snipe hunt.
You are about to come face to face with the deadliest beast in creation.
Those who survive will be honored members of the Order of the Straight Era, and those who don't will be dead.
Oh, Wematanie, protect us on our hunt.
All right, this here's your whoop-ass stick to beat the snipe back in case he comes at you.
Well, what does a snipe look like?
It's got red glowing eyes, long crooked teeth, a claw and a tail with another claw in the end.
Easy, Dale.
Bill and I'll take the lead.
Boom, Hauer and Dale will bring up the rear.
Remember, the snap call is this.
Woo-loo-loo, woo-loo-loo.
Well, call him out, boys.
He's not just gonna show up.
got here look out Billy almost got you they'll be out there another hour then we'll go get them boy this takes me back what are you talking about
Oh my lord, that's a whooping crane.
There's only five of those left in the world.
Well, four now.
Then we should be thankful we got the opportunity to see one.
Now you done it.
Now you really gone and done it.
What do you mean, you?
We're all in this together.
Whoa, no.
Me and Boomhauer came on our own trip in our own conveyance.
You and I may be acquainted, but we are not traveling companions.
I'm merely here to enjoy Earth Day and play some hacky sack.
Dale, I'm gonna need you to give me the keys now.
I can't believe it.
It wasn't your fault, Bobby.
You thought it was a snipe.
We all did.
It was.
But when Matanya turned it into a whooping crane, so I could live to get my straight arrow badge.
Bobby, don't you get it?
Your dad made all that up.
There's no such thing as a snipe.
No!
My dad is the arrow leader.
He speaks only with honor.
We'll ditch the carcass by the interstate in the morning.
Now let's just go to sleep.
Yes, yes, we'll all just go to sleep now.
Bill, get his pants and shoes.
Uncle Doug.
Sir!
Huh?
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Sir, I'm sorry to disturb you.
I'm with the Forestry Service and we're looking for a missing whooping crane.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
And well, you see the birds tagged with the little transmitter and uptracked it to within ten yards of your campsite.
You haven't seen it, have you?
Uh, whooping crane in these parts, I think I would have noticed something like that.
They're pretty rare, aren't they?
Oh yes, very rare and beautiful.
Sir, do you know anything about this?
Yeah, man, I tell you what, didn't even want him to snipe us last night, man, with him sticking and bagging and quack-quack, man.
If he'd go woo-loo, talking about that big mistake, y'all.
Just right there in that cooler.
Well, if you do see anything, you can contact the ranger station.
How about you boys?
Well, yeah, we... Uh, they can't talk for 24 hours.
Order of the straight arrow, you know?
Gotcha.
I was in the order myself.
Ah, the straight arrow hasn't changed a bit since I was a boy.
We gotta get rid of this bird.
What the?
We metanya!
We metanya!
We metanya!
Bobby!
Cripes!
Put that thing down!
Stop fooling around.
We've got to bury that thing fast.
We can't just bury it, Dad.
Remember?
We metanya wants us to honor the bird's sacred spirit.
And we will do just that in the dumpster behind Stuckeys.
Now let's get out of here before someone sees us, okay?
Murderers!
I have got to tell the ranger.
Brock!
Grasha.
I almost could not get away.
Amigo, it is time for some news operas.
Or shoes as you say in your country.
Senora, I have an Italian mock alligator.
You are going to love.
A size 16 for Senora Ibanez.
Cripple-E.
Brock, you are a genius.
Now, this is why I come to Lubbock's very big shoes.
I'll have Chuck and Buzz carry the box out to the car for you.
I saw him waving it over his head, really proud.
Uh-huh.
I also heard that they were hunting snipe last night.
There is no snipe.
My God.
How many more species have to be wiped out before we learn?
Easy.
Easy.
Don't draw attention.
We're almost there.
We're going to make it.
What's that flapping sound?
Taste the wind one last time, bird spirit.
Bobby!
There they are, the nature haters.
Let's get them!
Pull over right here by that culvert.
Well, we can't stuff this bird in here.
It'll never fit.
You could eat it.
Damn.
And I filled up on silent sticks.
Brother Bird, I have given you a last flight and made my peace with you.
I release your spirit to win Mitanya.
Woo-loo-loo!
Woo-loo-loo!
Son, would you please knock it off?
You're driving me nuts.
There is no wema, Tanya.
It's just some damn nonsense we made up to fill out the weekend.
Tell him, Dale.
How do you know my name, Crane Killer?
I never met any of you people before in my life.
Tell him, Bill.
He's right by me.
It's all a crock.
Those spirit bags of yours just makes wife's old socks, and by the way, I want them back.
So, everything you said was all a lie?
Yes, that's the secret of the Snipe Hunt.
That's the whole point.
Oh, I get it.
I guess.
Bobby, I didn't mean to let you down.
I just... When Dale and Bill and Boomhauer and me went through this as kids, all the tricks and lies from our dads, they were part of the experience.
It brought us all together, you know, us against them.
I don't want to be against you.
You're my dad.
We're supposed to be on the same team.
Of course we're on the same team.
You and me.
And now Team Hill is going to bury that whooping crane together and get out of this park without getting caught.
Sir, you lied to me, you lied to this little boy, and I don't know what you did to this gentleman in his underwear.
I'm going to have to take you into the ranger station.
Son, hand me the bird body.
I need it for evidence.
It's a miracle.
Well, I'll be damned.
We metanya.
I guess knocking a crane unconscious isn't a crime.
Although it's probably not good for them.
You're free to go.
I knew you wouldn't lie to me, Dad.
That was just the final test.
When Matanya does exist.
The bird was just unconscious, Bobby.
No, it was dead until I made Wilma Tanya bring it back to life.
I'm a shaman.
Oh, God, my head hurts.
I can heal you, Dad.
Woo-loo-loo!
Woo-loo-loo!
Well, welcome home boys.
Did you have fun?
Don't ask.
How was your weekend?
Oh, same old, same old.
Did you do some shopping?
Yeah, I bought a microwave.
Boy, I tell you what, this family goes through microwaves quicker than most people go through shoes.
Yeah.
