That gun, dude, man, talkin' big ol' by the apple, man, talkin' life-sinnin'.
That gun by the cow.
Oh, man, you talkin' about them, la-la-lookin' down, look.
Dang.
That gun big, we can single-bang it up, dogs like.
Woo!
Yeah, baby.
Wow, so your little brother Patch is gettin' married.
Now, that calls for a beer.
Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, you boys were always competing over something.
Who could sell the most copies of grit?
Who could bag the most groceries?
Who could bag the most ladies?
It was always close, but it was always Boomhauer.
Yeah, but Patch finally beat Boomhauer at something.
His way to the altar.
Oh, don't worry, Boomhauer.
Patch might have beat you to the altar, but you'll beat him to the grave.
As a bachelor, your life expectancy is seven years shorter than us blissfully married.
Even Bill gets a couple of years credit for that charade of a marriage of his.
Yeah, that's true.
Dang old journey, man.
Ain't no race.
Yo.
Yo, get, get a countertester, man.
Come on now.
Oh, I can't believe it's been 12 years.
I just got into town a half hour ago.
Like it down, talking about destiny, man.
Talking about it on a planet's line, you know, just like a big, big old dipper, man.
Oh, man, that damn smile.
You remember getting our rubber braces cut down, hooked like that, man.
Talking about no pain, no gain.
You know, I've been thinking about you a lot lately.
Oh, man, they don't true, man.
Well, yeah.
I mean, I am marrying your brother.
You?
You mean that little patch?
You talking about my patch?
I guess I'm going to be Mrs. Boomhower after all.
I was actually on my way to the airport to pick him up.
When you see him, could you act surprised?
That's perfect.
See you in a bit.
So your brother's marrying Catherine.
She made the best beer.
Yep.
Wow, it's like if the Russians landed on the moon after we did, and then married it.
Sorry, Boomhauer.
Boomhauer's okay.
He had his chance to land Catherine in the boat years ago.
Instead, he cut the line.
Hey, man, it does just look down on history, man.
Oh, man, here they come.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey,
Ow, ow, ow!
That gum jaw, man.
Talking TMJ, man.
Shoot, man, yeah, that's what got me out of the dadgum porta-john business.
They go quick like me.
I'm telling you, they're talking Andy Dump, man.
Oh, Patch.
I tell you what, the blood runs hot in that Boom Hauer family.
Yeah, that Patch got it going on.
He's a dog.
I can smell it from here.
You know, I still remember the day Catherine left for London.
Boom Hauer stayed in his hot tub for two straight days.
I have never seen a man look so unhappy yet so relaxed.
Bobby, what are you doing?
I want to show Patch I've got what it takes to be a ring boy.
It's ring bearer, and that's Lady Bird's job.
Besides, you're old enough to be an usher.
An usher?
Wow!
Sir, come back when you have a tie.
Yo, shush it.
Talking about starting a little boy.
Big brother, man.
Femme Dirt and Dog on Bugs, but you know, long story short, man.
Talking about it, best man.
Yo.
Very touching.
But something tells me this is not over.
Do you take this burger to be your dinner?
So, uh, Boomhauer, how you doin' there?
Well, man, you know, they don't be a little warm, but, you know, I just hope you're ready to be thinkin' of her as your sister-in-law.
Hey, man, I got no dang' ol' problem here, man.
You know, talkin' about you got a little, your son of yours, man, a woman out there can't have a dang' ol' burger on a pillow, man, you can get.
Hey, we're here to congratulate the patch captain on... That's your cannonball!
Well, watch it with that in my down pan and ball, man.
Hello, Mr. Boomhauer.
Thanks for letting me borrow your Walkman.
I broke it.
Talking about me out here, kitty, kitty.
Pat's the part of me.
I'm gonna find you a place to sit, darling.
Just let old kid her, man.
You know, everything on April Fool's growing up, he's about to put up a little frog in my bed.
You know, like, just old patch, man.
Woo, dogs!
That's a sweet taste, man.
Look forward to that meal, you know, like... You know, you gotta talk about that thing about a new... turn on new leaf with ol' Catherine, man.
You gotta love vows, man.
Don't buy vows.
Yo, man, talking about eating at home, man.
Except for drive-thru window-axing down there, man.
Talking about fast food, baby.
Yeah, they don't grow up, man.
Yep.
Yep.
Now calm down, both of you.
I can't understand a word you're saying.
Shoot, man, not me, man.
Just talking wedding, man.
Goes off.
I'm jealous, man.
Ugly, green-eyed monster, man.
You must settle this like men.
Angry, redneck man.
Blunderbusses at 20 paces.
Dang it, Boomhauer.
Your brother is getting married and you need to start acting right.
Talk about it to him, man.
He's the one who got up and down with the Hootie-Coochie dance, man.
Hey, man, no.
You're too much Hootie-Coochie, man, talking.
You ain't no best man after all.
Yeah, man.
You know, you can't fire me, man, because I tell you who, I don't quit.
Oh, no.
That gum can't have no weapon or no best man, man.
Hold the ring, get the speech, man.
You know, throw the bats apart, man.
You know, that gum, man.
You know, talking about.
Hank, give me a minute.
Me?
Your best man?
Why?
Patch, I'd be honored.
What was I gonna do?
Let Patch have a wedding without a best man?
Boomhauer had his chance with Catherine.
Maybe this is just the kick in the pants Boomhauer needs to snap him out of that Peter Pan lifestyle.
You know, maybe you're right.
He's not getting any younger, and all the women he dates are.
Something's gotta give.
So what are Patch and Catherine serving at their wedding?
I need to know what color tux to get.
Stain-wise.
Hey, boomhauer, we're going to start planning the bachelor party at my place tonight.
You want to join us?
Remember how much fun you had at our bachelor parties?
Hey, Bill, can you grab me a beer?
Hey, hey, could you grab me a beer?
I don't like it, I don't like it, I don't like it, I don't like it, I don't like it, I don't like it, I don't like it, I don't like it, I don't like it, I don't like it, I don't like it, I don't like it, I don't like it, I don't like it, I don't like it, I don't like it, I don't like it, I don't like it, I don't like it, I don't like it, I don't like it, I don't like it, I don't like it, I don't like it, I don't like it,
Hello, Boomhauer.
I heard you dropped out as Patch's best man.
I don't want to say nothing about it, Daniel.
Dial back the charm.
We've got some talking to do.
I really want us to work things out, because I couldn't stand the idea my kids not knowing they're Uncle Boomhauer.
Man, it just, it dangled complicated, you know what I mean?
It's like a dangled Rubik's Cube, man.
You like to talk about it in blue, red, man.
Then you get to one side, and then you like to mess it up to the other side, man.
Well, I truly hope that you'll at least come to the wedding.
Well, I'll be there, man.
Hey, Patch, we're all geared up for one heck of a bachelor party tomorrow night.
We got you three kinds of sausage and two kinds of pizza.
You can eat yourself silly, bachelor.
Shoot, man, talking about entertainment, man.
Time to shake things up, man.
Get live.
Get wild.
You know, talking GoPro.
Professional entertainers?
Wow.
They're going right, man.
I'll have them call you.
You know, they ain't going to bring plenty of singles, huh?
Chik-pong-pong.
I wish Boomhauer could see how happy Patch is.
So what do you suppose the live entertainment is?
Karaoke.
Well, he did say it would be wild.
Tomorrow night, from 7 to 10 p.m., the family room is reserved for a bachelor party.
I've got a variance from the city.
They're letting us have 70 decibels, same as Bennegan's.
Well, we are having a bachelorette party for Catherine, and Min is bringing three Patrick Swayze movies.
Now, I can't officially invite you to the bachelor party, but if a certain usher sneaked in and had a snappy tom or maybe some unattended Collins mixer, I'd be too busy to notice.
Hill residents.
You have his Craig T of KT Entertainment.
We have you booked for the use of some special talent tomorrow night.
Is that correct?
Oh, yes, yes.
The party planner.
Now, did he groom mention that he would like a happy ending?
You cool with that?
Of course.
He's getting married.
Wait, I got to talk to the other person.
Aw, man, that little dang-dang-dang on beautiful, man.
I'm sure somehow it's bad luck for you to see me in my gown.
Will you try to stop by Patch's bachelor party?
No, and Patch, it'll be pretty tame.
But I'm sure there'll be good food and good music.
Catherine, man, you know, I don't want to go against blood or nothing like that, but man, you know, got to keep an eye on Patch, man.
Boom, Howard!
I never thought I'd have to pull you in the garage like I do with Bill and Dale.
The time for you to stop this wedding was 20 years ago before you broke up with Catherine.
You need to grow up.
Patch did.
And you don't understand, man.
I think I understand plenty.
But you need to suck it up and get with the program.
Some people call me the space cowboy.
Pace high, in your face, sir.
Yeah, look at that, all those three dope chips, all yours, old top.
Uh, hey, Patch, can you grab me a beer?
Hold it down, guys, we're pushing past 60.
Yo, man, come out, and yo.
Be right there.
Everyone hold on to your hats because the special talent has just arrived.
Yee-haw!
Hello, you must be Mr. T. How are you this evening, sir?
I've sent the talent round back.
Did you leave the door unlocked like we discussed?
Yes, sir.
Ah, karaoke.
Dale was right.
Edible underpants!
Made from the same stuff as fruit roll-up, so don't sit on anything dusty.
Game time!
101 bachelorette party games!
For the first game, we will need nail polish and a summer squash.
Ugh!
Ugh!
Why don't we go see what the guys are up to?
Gentlemen, there's only one rule, and that is to have fun!
And to tip generously!
Well, since you're here to MC, I'm gonna go get the hot wings.
I could use a little help,
Gents, there is a special menu available for special requests.
All right?
Now, let's get the bachelor!
Patch!
Patch!
Patch!
Hey, man, if that don't know a way, man, I'm talking about in the sanctity of marriage.
Man, they gonna just don't get on out.
They're gonna mind on mind, man.
Talking primed and ready.
Man, now here is some down money.
Now, now you just don't get on out of here, man.
Hold on, now.
Come on, baby.
You need bedtime sleep, man.
Talk to me once upon my lap.
Get them while they're hot!
Wow!
You didn't tell me about this part, dad!
Bobby, close your eyes and go to your room.
Man, here's Monday.
We'll just leave.
Boom, Howard.
What are you doing?
Hi.
I can't believe you.
Marriage may not mean anything to you, but it means a lot to Patch and me and Buck and everyone else here.
I don't want to hear it.
Now take your hired flusies and get the hell out.
Now, Boom Hauer,
You guys not out man, talking girls.
Why?
I really thought Boomhauer had come around.
I mean, he brought beer.
But then, the prostitutes.
Maybe you can work that into your best man's speech at the rehearsal dinner.
You know, in a funny way?
What really bugs me is that Boomhauer flat-out lied to me.
makes me question our entire friendship.
Hormonger, yes.
Liar, unproven.
Technically, Boomhauer did not lie to your face.
You merely assume that he lied.
Wait a minute, you're right.
I never asked Boomhauer if he tried to break up Patch and Catherine so he hasn't actually lied to me yet.
If I go to Boomhauer and he comes clean, well, maybe there's a chance we can still be friends.
Does this dude smell like embalming fluid to you?
Now, Boomhauer, as a man, I'm obligated to try to salvage our friendship of over 30 years by asking you some tough questions.
Do you love Catherine Hester?
Yo, man.
And does the thought of Patch marrying her tear you up inside?
Yo, man.
And did you hire those ladies of easy virtue to frame Patch and break up the wedding?
No, man.
Ah, Boomhauer, I am so sorry for doubting you.
Wait a minute, if you didn't hire those girls, then... Craig T. Oh, God, Patch knew all along.
Damn, yeah, man.
Don't get hurt by all of them.
Damn, Ohio Horse, man.
Boomhauer, I deserve all that and more, but right now I need to get to the rehearsal dinner and set things right.
I'll give Patch the happy ending he deserves.
I'll tell you what.
Dangle, where's the best man?
Dead gum, Hank.
Gotta give speech, man.
Talking about life's fun or something like that, man.
Oh my god, your Hank is dead on.
You know, I do a great Bobby.
Excuse me, sir.
We have a hard seven o'clock start time, so I'm gonna... There, boom-hauer.
We get a good fight and make up for cash bar.
Oh, dog.
Sorry I'm late.
Hank Hill, best man, Strickland propane.
When people get married as these two plan tomorrow, you've got to act right.
You've got to have commitment, devotion, trust.
You can't be fooling around, and you surely can't be... There's something I have to say.
When Patch first asked me to marry him, it was a dream come true.
But when I got here, I realized how much Patch reminded me of Boomhauer, and that I might be trying to recapture something I lost.
And then Boomhauer hired a bunch of prostitutes to make me think Patch was some kind of pervert, and I hated him for it.
But it was that desperate,
crazy romantic move that made me realize maybe there is something still between Boom Hour and me.
I'm sorry Patch, I cannot marry you.
Now hold on baby, that gun, no man, it was on me.
Yeah, on me.
Talking about frequent buyer, spent Thanksgiving with them hoes man.
Oh my, you're the one who hired those strippers?
Dang straight baby, dang old hopeless romantic.
No.
Boomhauer hiring them because he couldn't stand to see us together is a grand romantic gesture.
You hiring them is just plain sleazy.
It's over, Patch.
They ain't gonna know, baby, talking about not me, man, talking Hank.
They ain't gonna Hank loves hookers, man.
Well, here we are saying goodbye again.
Don't worry, I'm not gonna do a doughnut in your front lawn this time.
Oh, I just need to go away for a while and get my head together.
Hell, man, you talk about like a down roller coaster, man.
You know, if I talk about destiny to a big ol' dipper man, you know, well, just like a down North Star, man, I'm always gonna be there, man.
You know, just like a down GPS, it hurts gold, man.
I feel the same way.
They don't hank, man.
You know, talk about like nothing over the day might never not ever come, you know, but if it do, man, you know, I, you know, man, I might be putting a little call on, on you, man.
So boomhauer, I'd be honored.
He-he-he!
Oh, Patch!
