Yeah, because it's got a pool in it.
I detect activity at the place Luanne used to rent before she re-barnacled herself to Hank's house.
She sure is wearing a lot of jewelry for the middle of the day.
Hello, gentlemen.
I'm Evie Holiday with Holiday in Sands Realty.
You are so lucky to be living here.
This whole neighborhood is red hot.
You've got great curb appeal, especially that gem.
Who lives in that charmer?
I do.
Well, if y'all decide to sell, call me.
Rainy Street is hot.
Oh, here she is now.
A Rice University Summer School Superstar.
Dad, I haven't made it into the program yet.
I just had the interview.
Of course you're in.
You have perfect grades, all the right extracurriculars, and you've wasted countless hours volunteering.
Here, put this on.
60% cotton for 100% genius.
Did we hear from Summer School today?
Huh?
Regret?
Not?
Unfortunately?
It's alright, Dad.
This summer I'll just study for fun.
You say no, I say yes!
There were many highly qualified applicants, and unfortunately... Connie has best grades in school!
Yes, but it's not just about grades.
I know that!
Connie also had more extracurriculars than anyone else!
Look, Connie's a really smart Asian girl, but I've got a boatload of them, pardon the expression.
She's not black, she's not Hispanic, or even white.
And good Lord, give me a white kid from a public school with Connie's specs and that kid could waltz in here!
You telling me Connie didn't get in because she's an overachieving Asian?
That's discrimination!
In a way, it's flattering, isn't it?
Hey, maybe there's something that you left off of Connie's application.
You know, some kind of hook.
Has Connie ever had to play that violin of hers on the street?
You know, to buy her a strung-out mother, just one more hit?
No.
Well, that could have helped.
I looked for you at the Buddhist temple.
Oh, hello, Khan.
We're Episcopal now.
It's just good business.
Oh, there's the mayor.
Your boy must be very upset about rice summer school rejection.
What are you talking about?
Chain got in and he's got a super low lottery number for the best dorm air-conditioned.
Well, how can this be?
Chain is just as Asian as Connie and no offense.
He's well, you know, he
Accepted?
Look, if you want Cotty to get it to Rice, just give them a $10,000 donation.
Call my office.
Trudy will give you the contact information.
Oh, Councilman Everett!
Crunch numbers harder!
Ah, it's no use.
We don't have $10,000 to buy our way out of being Asian.
I should be more like Ted was son of a song on my own business.
But I am just a middle management ox plodding in the poop of the beast in front of me.
And no matter how hard I work or how hard Connie studies, we all just stuck here.
We're the kind of losers politicians pander to in speeches.
It's so exciting living in an up-and-coming neighborhood.
I wonder where they'll put the Starbucks.
So now that our neighborhood has been declared hot, what street should we look down on?
Bagley?
No, Apple Blossom.
Apple Blossom is crap.
Yep.
If you like traffic, enjoy.
We got plenty of it.
Hello?
Oh, yes, sir.
No, I found my TPS report yesterday.
Yes, sir.
I'll be there right away.
Looks like you could use a new mirror.
I got a buddy who could hook you up if you want.
No, I'm a member of Silver Star Service Team at Dealer, VIP Shuttle, Free Wall Street Journal.
Thanks anyway.
Well, if you want to be a Silver Star chump, suit yourself.
That free newspaper is going to cost you 700 bucks by the time the dealer marks up the mirror.
Okay, thanks for everything, but I gotta take this call.
Sounds like them Goddas got you by the shorties.
Hello?
Oh, no, just a little car trouble.
I'm just running a little late, but to be fair, you know, I have been early for last 548 business days in arre... Talk my pay.
Yes, sir.
Very good.
Dang man, I've been in jails that gave me more freedom than you got.
Yeah, but what you gonna do?
Whatever I damn want.
Whenever I damn want, with whoever I damn want.
Boy, you say damn a lot.
Hell yeah.
Listen friend, I used to be just like you.
I was a monkey in that cage right there.
Now I don't take no mess from nobody cause I'm a man.
My own man, Elvin Mackleston.
Take a good look at yourself, friend.
Are you rockin' in the free world?
Are you?
Ah!
That'll help!
Let's get you that new mare.
Damn straight!
Uh, if you're looking for the package store, it's down Garland Road past the spillway.
Woo-wee!
Con?
What are you doing in an El Camino?
Test driving this baby.
That once we ride, I tell you what?
Not often you New America can be attached to a damn El Camino.
Damn straight!
Hey, what do you say?
I want it bad.
Well, alright.
Dabber?
You got a Premo El Camino and cash money for your old car.
This is your damn lucky day.
After dobbin' me break your egg down for parts, we're gonna do a little celebrating on you money bags.
I know what you're thinking.
Why not an I-Rock?
Why not a Z-Car?
But like Elvin points out, those are just cars.
A Camino is a way of life.
It'll haul anything.
Rebar, copper, pipe, hell.
You hit it, dear.
He'll just flip over into the back.
You don't even need to stop.
Oh, hey, you red-nosed old rong.
I'm gonna hang out in the alley and spend my welfare checks on beer like you guys.
Be my own man.
Come on.
Min doesn't know the drill yet.
You wanna be a redneck?
That's not even possible!
Khan, I'm upset about Connie too, but you have to snap out of it.
Your boss called three times today.
You're gonna get fired!
I got a new boss and I love him!
Me!
Min, don't you see?
There's a paradise out there where nobody works.
Nobody cares.
Nobody have plans or dreams that can be crushed.
Oh, I don't know, Khan.
Sounds crazy.
Come on, Min.
Let's just give up.
Hmm.
I'd never have to read another Tony Morrison book for book club or write another check to NPR.
Oh, but what about Connie?
Don't you see?
This is for Connie, so she don't waste half her life losing at the rigged game.
What do you say, Min?
Will you be my redneck bride?
Oh, yes, Con.
I will.
Now take me in the back of that El Camino.
I face down some things that are so hard
Go figure.
He's been pushing Connie all these years, and he's the one that broke.
Let that be a lesson to you, Dad.
Yep, he is really losing it.
I saw him this morning, and he's growing a wispy mustache.
He's got the coolest car chuck, and he's got a laundry machine in his yard for stray dogs to have puppies in.
It's the weekend!
Time to party!
Evan and the gang are going catfisting down at the lake.
Come on with your daddy!
Have some fun!
It's only Wednesday and I've got to study.
Did you say catfisting?
Most definitely!
The first step in catfisting is to reach in and get you a big handful of stink bait.
P.U.
What's in this stink bait?
Well, you got your ground liver, blood, vinegar, alpo, and my secret ingredient that makes it stink.
When you feel their whiskers on your knuckles, start fisting.
Yo!
Hey, baby!
Look what I got for you.
That's great, honey.
Ah, yeah, yeah, look at that son of a bitch, Riggle!
Yo!
And then my parents made me quit practicing my concerto to play the devil went down to Georgia.
Sounds to me like you're living the life.
Fried food, no studying, the TV's always on.
It's horrible.
But hopefully it'll be over soon.
My dad said he was going to go to the office today.
Connie, look at this file cabinet they're throwing out at the office.
Your dad is white trash.
What are you doing?
Knocking $15,000 off the sale price.
I can't move this house with that pigsty next door.
Get out while you can, honey.
You know, I like Free Bird as much as the next guy, but enough is enough.
This has got to stop, Hank.
Abby Holiday said that Khan is turning Rainey Street into another Belcher's Grove.
I didn't keep novelty mailboxes out of this neighborhood just to see this happen.
Ah!
Who the hell you think you are?
Hank Hill, homeowner.
Hey, Conn.
I caught this guy trying to steal your valuables.
I was not.
Hank, you want a puffy toilet seat?
All you got to do is ask.
Conn, I'm worried about you, and you want me to have mud-dive a rough fist clown up?
You so much as touch my husband, I will knock you into next week.
That's real nice, buddy.
Hiding behind mommy's skirt.
I am not hiding.
I was just about to threaten you myself.
Come on, Conn.
Let's get out of here.
I got a case of beer it needs drinking.
Man, talk some sense into Conn.
You're the one who's crazy.
We're going to the street races.
Muddaba just put a new Adelbrock manifold on his Malibu.
Hey, Conny, last chance to change your mind and come with?
You don't miss that new Adelbrock.
It's loud!
Uh, that's okay.
I'm just gonna stay home.
You're not spending all night at home by yourself.
You stay with the hills.
Well then, we'll just have us a nice sleepover, shall we?
Connie, do you have some pajamas you can wear?
Yes, Mrs. Hill.
Bobby, why don't you go with Connie?
Oh, that poor girl.
Ah, don't worry.
Con and men will sober up and snap out of it.
They're too arrogant to live this way for long.
I hope you're right, Hank.
Mr. and Mrs. Hill, I think there may be a solution to our problem.
See, Peggy, what'd I tell you?
I just heard from Southwest Mortgage.
They're starting foreclosure proceedings on the Sufa News and Ponds.
They've only missed one payment, but since they let their house go to... Oh, this.
The bank's not gonna cut them any slack.
You mean Khan and men are gonna lose their home?
With any luck, they'll be out of here in ten working days.
I got my pajamas!
I'd like to walk that neighbor of yours upside the head and feed bad meat to his dog.
You ought to get yourself a place here in Belcher's Grove where decent people live.
I'm gonna sink real hard on that.
Come with me, honey.
Elvin caught a mess of squirrels today.
I'll show you how to debone them.
Squirrels?
They are lucky.
Why do they call you lucky?
True story.
I was at Costco one day and all of a sudden the nature called.
Yelled it's more like it.
So I high-tailed into the john and there's some sensitive guy changing his little boy's diaper on one of them baby ironing boards.
And don't you know I slipped on pee-pee and broke two vertebrae which had to be fused together?
I'm in constant pain but by God I got me a $53,000 settlement.
This son of a bitch is never gonna have to work another day in his life.
That's why they call me lucky.
That's a great story!
Hey, y'all hear the new Trace Airkins come out today?
Damn!
Let's get it!
Hell, it's after midnight.
Record store closed.
I'll tell you what's gonna open it.
Me and a damn brick.
Yeah!
Alright, who's got a brick?
Let me do it!
Well alright, have at it, Conn.
Conn, put that rock down!
Is Trace Atkins new CD, woman?
I ate a squirrel quesadilla, but this is where I draw the line.
Rock goes through the window, I go home!
Oh hell, this is ridiculous.
I warned you, Conn.
I'm not gonna watch you go to jail.
Let's get the hell out of here!
I tell you right now, this is the single.
I noticed your woman didn't stand by you tonight.
You asked me, she made a damn fool out of you.
She took your El Camino and your two little teeny tiny marbles with her.
You wanna see my marbles?
I'll show you my marbles!
Ha!
You wanna go?
Let's go!
Ha!
We fight!
That was good.
Real good.
Sticking.
Sticking.
Con?
I'ma taking you sticking.
What sticking?
It's Min.
She's alone.
I'll go over and talk to her.
You give Connie a math problem to keep her busy.
Where's Con?
I need to talk to both of you.
He's with his redneck friends.
You're about to lose your house, man.
What are you talking about?
The bank's gonna foreclose on you.
Oh, my God.
I don't know what happened.
We were having so much fun being free and irresponsible.
I guess we just forgot where our mortgage coupon was.
And our electric bill.
Oh, what did we do?
Poor Connie.
Her parents drunk.
We nearly homeless.
Her father abandoned her.
I'm not gonna let Connie be homeless.
I'm gonna find Con.
Now you start paying some bills.
Hill.
Hey, Hank.
Buck's trickling here.
Yeah, I'm thinking about betting a fistful of money on that little Asian neighbor of yours.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
He looks like he got real crafty ninja moves, but can he take a board to the head?
Where are you, sir?
At the stick fights down behind the lumber yard.
Khan's on the car.
Three fights from now.
He's up against the soft-spoken gorilla man.
Good lord.
Winner!
Next!
Oh no!
All money down and commence fighting!
Wait!
You come to get your whooping hank here?
I came to talk some sense into you, Con.
Uh-uh!
Beat some sense into him, Hank!
I bet on the simpleton!
You're about to throw away everything you ever worked for, Khan.
You're about to lose your dang house.
Everything already been taken away.
Hit him, four eyes.
They're talking about you.
Come on, swing!
Take me out!
Stop feeling sorry for yourself and start thinking about Connie.
You want her growing up in the back of an El Camino?
Oh, what choice do I have?
We flee horrible dictatorships, learn a new language, and then work hard and study hard.
And our reward for doing everything right is to be told, go to hell!
You work too hard!
You study too hard!
Yeah, you got a real bum deal, but maybe you could take a lesson from Connie instead of these apes.
Even when you and men went off the deep end, Connie never complained and she never stopped trying.
You couldn't drag that little girl down into the muck with you.
Yeah, yeah, that's right.
Connie like a beautiful lotus growing out of the muck.
That's her hook!
Well, I'm glad I got through to you.
Oh, you wuss!
Get up and run Hank!
I gotta get my daughter into summer school!
I don't care who, somebody's getting hit with a stick.
Young lady, you should know Stanford summer school admissions deadline has passed.
I'm sorry my application was tardy.
It's been a hectic time for me.
My parents don't work.
We nearly lost our home.
My dad abandoned us for a while and he was nearly killed with a 2x4.
That's him.
You've overcome so much.
Welcome aboard.
you
Are you rockin' in the free world?
Are ya?
