Lady Bird, stop licking my money.
Dad, guess what?
I finally saved enough money to buy a brand new game station.
Your first major purchase.
Congratulations, Bobby.
If you want, I can take you down to Jensen's Electronics World.
That's okay.
I was looking on eBay and Gadget Champ seems to have the best price.
They sell your email address and pass the savings on to you.
Bobby, you can't make major purchases from a stranger on the internet.
If your game breaks down, do you think the Gadget Champ's gonna come fix it?
I don't know.
Well, I do.
He won't.
Son, business is like life.
You have to find people you trust and stay loyal to them.
That's why I have a guy for about every purchase I make.
Phil Wilkerson for my insurance.
Bill Hunnell for my tools.
Eddie Holcomb for my... The car died.
Again.
Luckily, Bill was right behind me when it happened, so he gave me a lift.
Huh.
He was behind you the last time it broke down.
Well, that's lucky.
I guess.
I need a new car, Hank.
Well, all right.
At least I get to take Bobby to see my car guy, Tom Hammond.
Son, I'm gonna show you the right way to buy.
Okay.
I don't need to go anywhere else, Bill.
Why don't they make brown cars anymore?
This is it.
Hank, I think I found my car.
A convertible?
That's pretty funny, Peggy.
It's my choice, right, Hank?
Well, if I were you, I'd go big.
A towering SUV says strength, power, and in some subcultures of America, potent fertility.
Peggy wants a convertible.
She knows you're a heterosexual, right?
It's Peggy's car.
It's not like I'd ever be driving it.
But it'll be in your driveway.
I hadn't considered that.
Oh, good lord.
See, Bobby, when you're a loyal customer of an established brick and mortar business, you can trust that you're getting the best deal on a car with a roof.
Apparently, boring comes standard on these models.
Hank, these are just not doing it for me.
Well, don't rush it.
Consider all the factors, including safety.
Hank, how's that, Joe?
Look at your butt over here!
Well, looks like I've been spotted.
Better go get my hellos out of the way.
Shall I box that up for you, or would you rather wear it home?
Oh, I'd love to, but unfortunately my husband doesn't want me to buy a convertible.
I bet your husband doesn't want you to vote either, does he?
I'll tell you what.
Why don't you come on in and see what the 21st century feels like?
Oh yeah!
I'll take it.
Well, you know, normally I would never let you ride on a lift like this, but since you're riding with Charlie, I know you're in good hands.
Okay, rides over, Bobby.
Let's go buy a car.
All right.
Lower me down, Charlie.
Just signed by the X's and this baby's all yours.
Should I be doing this?
A carefree convertible owner would say yes.
So, yes.
I'm sorry, but this is sticker price, which according to my research is way too high.
You girls!
What crazy research is that?
A combination of internet phone calls and what I like to call my horse sense.
So let's talk business.
All right.
How about this?
That is close, but this is closer.
Hey, Hank.
Hey, Mr. Draper.
What?
You wore me down, Peggy.
Just in time.
I was getting ready to pretend to walk out.
Okay, just signed by the exes, and it's all yours.
Peggy?
Tom?
What's going on here?
I was buying a convertible.
What?
Hank Hill, you son of a gun.
Well, I didn't know Peggy was your wife.
Good to see you, partner.
Well, it's good to see you, Tom.
I just wish it was under happier circumstance.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I just got caught up in the moment.
I guess because I just wanted it so bad.
I'll go look at sedans.
Mr. Hammond, do you have any brown ones?
Well, now hold on.
You know what, Peggy?
If you really want this car that bad, then... Well, then you should have it.
Really?
Yep.
Why don't you go get some water and let me and Tom finish up this deal?
Thank you, Hank.
I got him down to a really good price.
Well, I'm sure you did.
Bobby, I'd like you to meet Tom Hammond.
My dad loves you so much!
He did it again!
Congratulations, Peggy.
You should have been in there, Mom.
They told stories, shook hands, and then we got a new car.
Now, just remember not to tell anyone about the deal I just gave you.
This is the highest clearance, Hank.
I know.
Level 10.
Okay, since you're family, I think it's time I let you both in on a little secret.
Well, here it is.
The Hank Hill Special.
Wait, that can't be right.
That would mean you paid sticker price.
And not a dime more, right, Bobby?
Right, Dad!
Well, I'll see you both at home.
Way to go!
Congratulations!
I love it!
What's the matter, Piggy here?
You don't like car?
You should.
It's better than mine.
No, I love the car.
Bobby, you can practice your parade wave later.
Right inside.
Okay.
Oh, this must be juicy.
What is it?
It's not the car.
It's the price that Hank paid for it.
Hank got his special deal, right?
Dale always talks about Hank's special deal.
He talks a lot about Hank.
Well, as it turns out, his special deal is really just sticker price.
Oh, you can never tell Hank should.
Can you imagine what he'd do if he found out his friend's been lying to him for 25 years?
Nancy's right.
It could get ugly.
That forehead vein finally gonna go.
I guess I will just have to take this to my grave.
Anne, since I know things about each of you, I expect you to do the same.
Red corn.
Boxy Kasi Lai Wan Lop.
Where are you going?
We're going to get my game station from Dad's electronics guy.
You have an electronics guy too?
Don't you shop around for anything?
I mean, the new dishwasher.
You shopped around for that, right?
Well, I let Jerry Biddle at the appliance center do my comparative shopping for me.
He said he personally checked every store in Heimlich County and couldn't find anyone that could beat his deal.
Fantastic.
Hello, neighbors.
So, Hank, I hear you bought new car.
Expensive, a new car.
Oh, look.
It's Ted with Sauna Song.
Ted?
Where you see Ted?
Hello, Uncle Hank.
Is Aunt Peggy home?
She's supposed to go with me to buy a crib.
I want it to be as much like my uterus as possible.
You should take dad with you.
He just bought mom's car for a sticker price and not a dime more.
Sticker price?
Oh no.
Dang it, Bobby.
That was supposed to be a secret.
But Lucky always says that people who pay sticker price... Okay, now I will tell a secret.
I have to use prescription deodorant.
Sticker price?
Everyone knows sticker price is the sucker price.
You're a sucker, Hank Hill!
Okay, what's going on, Peggy?
Everyone out.
How much you pay for this pain, Hank Hill?
Hank, I do not know an easy way to say this, so I guess I will just say it the slow and painful way.
No one pays sticker price.
Tom Hammond ripped you off and has been ripping you off for the last 25 years.
What?
The price I was going to pay for that car was $2,500 lower than your special deal.
You overpaid for that car and probably every car that you ever bought from him.
So you're looking to buy a car, are you?
Uh, yes, sir.
But, uh, this is my first car, so I don't really know what I'm doing.
You see the price on that sticker?
Well, that's the price you're gonna pay for this car.
Not a dime more for the football star.
Wow.
Well, thank you.
Now, you gotta promise me.
You won't go telling anybody about the deal I just gave you.
Yep.
Yep.
Mm-hmm.
I'm a chump.
There, I said it.
That's it!
As your friend, I have no choice but to put you on an immediate suicide watch, Hank.
I'm not gonna kill myself.
Then I'm putting you on homicide watch, because you're gonna kill something, and if it's not yourself, it could be me.
Yeah, it doesn't seem like it's all good, man.
It doesn't seem, you know, that I'm down port to come by and tell them I don't want to.
Hank always seemed like a very quiet man, you know.
Gun!
You two can be rich like Dr. Money and have champagne for breakfast and caviar for your cats.
How much return do you want for your adventure?
Maybe it's a good thing this all happened, Hank.
Bobby should know how things really work.
Now, at least when the world crushes him, he'll see it coming.
But I don't want the boy thinking the world is a dishonest place.
But sometimes it is.
Come here, son.
It's time I told you how the world really works.
So if you don't mind, I'm gonna take your wallet, push you to the ground, and then kick you in the gut.
Um, okay.
No, no, dang it.
It doesn't have to be this way.
I'm gonna go see that bastard Tom Hammond.
Oh, no, Hank Hill!
Well, not two times in one month.
Have mercy, man.
I got a mortgage for God's sake.
Stop it, Tom.
It's all over.
I know.
Y-You know what, buddy?
But you've been selling me a bag of lies for the last 25 years.
How could you, Tom?
Well, what can I say, Hank?
I'm a salesman.
I know, you're a salesman.
That's why none of this makes any sense.
Look, I just want the $2,500 back that I overpaid for Peggy's car.
I wish I could help you, Hank, but the paperwork's already gone through.
The deal's official.
Dang it, Tom.
You not only lied to me, you lied to my son.
How would your son feel if he came home from the army in heat?
Wait a second.
Is your boy even in the army?
My boys are stand-up comedian in Austin.
But a deal's a deal, Hank.
I don't believe this.
You know what, Tom?
I'm gonna teach you what loyalty means.
Mark my words.
Ain't it the truth?
Yes, it is.
And I'm telling you right now, that Tom Hammond has got to be stopped.
I know!
I did a whole term paper on the damage people like Tom Hammond are doing to the world.
Well, there is no way I'm letting Tom Hammond make this world a place that I don't want my son to live in.
I want to join your fight.
Well, alright.
You can meet me at the car lot at 5 AM.
5 AM?
Okay.
Yeah.
Hey!
It's me, Alex from the copy store.
Who's that?
And why are they crawling?
That's Falcon and Sparrow, my friends.
Man, we're so stoked.
We had so much fun coming up with code names last night.
It feels so good to finally be doing something.
Well, that's right.
It sure does.
Would have been better if you guys had been on time, though.
Now I've got to go get ready for work.
We weren't late.
We were hitting the other side of the dealership.
Oh, well, that's great.
Well, I guess our work here is done.
If you guys ever need any propane, look me up.
Propane?
That would have been great!
Well, next time!
Yep, Bobby.
Right about now, the dealership should be opening up.
I'd love to see Tom scrambling to take all those flyers off the cars before the customers get there.
Ooh, I'd love to see that cheater's face.
Well, I am just glad you did not drive my car through his ass.
I didn't know how you were gonna do that, but you sounded serious.
So how's your morning going Hank?
Pretty darn good, I tell you what, in yours Dale?
Well, Joseph went to his first sleep over last night.
Didn't go so well, he's a cuddler, so I had to go pick him up.
Hm, sorry to hear that.
Not done.
On our way home we saw an explosion coming from Tom Hammond's car lot.
Then we saw what looked like your truck driving away from the lot.
What?
So why'd you do it, Hank?
And more importantly, how?
Because it looked like a really good job.
Oh, Hank, you must cover your tracks.
We'll have to kill Dale.
There's nothing to cover up.
I didn't blow up anything.
I was just passing out flyers.
Dad, I'm confused.
So you should trust people until they betray you and then try to blow them up?
Yes!
No, Bobby.
I wasn't trying to blow people up.
I was just putting flyers on the cars.
Alex and his friend the Falcon must have done it after I left.
Okay, okay.
So, you did not blow up the cars.
You were just a disgruntled customer hanging out with someone named The Falcon.
Now, if that's the story we're going with, that's the story I will memorize.
It's not a story, Peggy.
It's the truth.
I'm gonna go talk to the police and straighten this out.
Excuse me, do you remember a tall, sickly-looking kid with one of those mustache beards who was in here last night?
You mean him?
No, that's not him.
Him?
Or him?
Sir, we got a liberal arts college and a halfway house down the road.
You've got to be more specific.
So, Mr. Hill, how many sickly kids did you say helped you blow up the lot?
Three.
Wait, they didn't help me blow up the lot.
They did it by themselves.
So you were just a ringleader?
No, I told you I didn't blow up anything.
Wait, am I a suspect?
Tell him no, or he could lawyer up.
You probably heard that.
I was just putting flyers on the cars.
The other guys were the ones blowing up the cars.
By other guys, you mean the imaginary kids.
The cameras just happened to not pick up.
The cameras didn't pick them up because they were dressed in all black and most of the time they were crawling around on their bellies.
I'll give it to you straight, Hank.
You're looking at major time for this and the hole's getting deeper with every lie you tell.
That's not my husband.
What's my next line?
I'm blanking, Hank!
Okay, enough.
It is me on the tape.
Goodbye, Hank!
But I swear to you, I did not blow up any cars.
I was just putting flyers on the cars because I wanted other people to know Tom Hammond has been taken advantage of- Stop right there, Hank!
Well, speak of the devil.
And Charlie, too.
Officer Brown, that's the lying, cheating man you should be arresting.
I know you're mad, Hank, but I didn't think you'd be mad enough to torch my lot.
The only thing I'm guilty of is trusting you.
Well, I'll tell you one thing.
I may go to jail, but I've zipped my lips for the last time.
JB, I've been in business with Hank Hill for 25 years.
If he says he didn't do it, then by God, he didn't do it.
Can we at least watch the rest of the tape, Tom?
Do you know how many strings I had to pull to get the conference room with the VCR?
There's no need.
Now, I'm not pressing charges.
Hank's the most honest man I know.
If he looks you in the eye and shakes your hand and tells you he didn't do something, then he didn't do it.
So what say we just leave this all behind us, Hank?
Let's go home, Peggy.
Well, you really believe he's innocent, Tom?
Hell, no.
But I know, Hank.
He will not let this die.
He'd fight us all the way.
Hell, he'd be up at the Supreme Court telling Judge Scalia that I gouge my damn customers.
Do you know what that could do to my business?
That ain't worth it.
I sold that man five cars at sticker price.
All in all, it was a pretty good run.
Hey, I'm Chet Haddock.
What can I do for you?
Hi, Chet.
My name's Hank Hill.
That name sounds familiar.
Oh, right.
How can I help you, sir?
By helping my son.
Hey, Chet.
I'm Bobby Hill, and I'm interested in buying a game station.
Is this the best price you can give me?
After I take another 10?
No, no, 20% off.
It will be.
Chet, looks like you're gonna be my electronic sky.
Hank always seemed like a very quiet man, you know.
