Any of you guys have that thing when you wake up in the morning and see the rain and cry?
Cheer up, Bill.
You'll be dead soon.
Looks like the end of days is upon us.
See?
Hold on.
I think we're going from flood watch to flood warning.
The National Weather Service reports water levels at the upper Brazos River are rising dangerously, causing flood warnings to be issued for all low-lying areas, including Heimlich and Travis County.
Okay.
Evacuation plan A, everyone.
I want an orderly, efficient egress to the shelter at Tom Landry Middle School.
Out of my way, boom howler!
Find land, plant this, I will meet you at the rendezvous.
Did Uncle Hank order a duck?
Because there's one in the mailbox.
The flood's coming!
Why are you all just standing around?
We've got to get to the shelter!
We'll be safe there.
Bobby, I need you to calm down.
You know I'm Red Cross certified to be the shelter leader and I promise you everything is going to be okay.
Now go pack one suitcase and no stuffed animals.
Okay, one stuffed animal.
Not the bunny.
Oh, come on, Mr. Trucker.
They say one of the big problems in a shelter is people often get shelter shock, where they become dependent and childlike.
We don't have a lot of room for error with Bobby.
Don't worry, Hank.
Bobby will not go baby on my watch.
I'll put pepper on his thumbs just in case.
OK, now I've got to do a final sweep of the neighborhood and then get the pets to a kennel on higher ground.
I'm counting on you and Luanne to wrap everything up and get to the shelter.
It's like God took our picture before he kills us.
Go, go, go!
Come on, Bill.
Time to go.
What in the hell?
Dang it.
As shelter leader, one of my duties is to keep you from drowning.
Maybe I'll float.
Bill, get up and let Peggy take you to the shelter.
That's an order.
If you say so.
Now, Peggy's a little stressed out, so don't stare at her while she drives.
Remember, Lady Bird, the other dogs will be looking to you for leadership.
Be strong.
Dang it, I need to find higher ground.
Look, me, chaos already ruling.
This like when City of Luang Prabang fall and we snag sweet diplomatic license plates.
There's our chance to get the prime of real estate.
But where?
The Heights!
Run!
Connie, break it!
I always thought I'd die in this gym.
Bobby, please stop being so dramatic.
Everything will be just fine.
Oh my god, I have three socks and no underwear.
Hello?
Hello, anybody here?
Oh my god, the red phone.
Dang it, Everett, were you off combing your mustache?
I need a status report.
Uh, Everett's not here.
This is Hank Hill, assistant manager, Strickland Propane.
Everett's gone?
All right, listen, this is T. Beck-Menzemeier with the Upper Brazos River Authority.
The storm's knocked out all our remote sensors, so I'm gonna need your help.
Sir, I have mentally rehearsed many emergency talk-through scenarios.
Go ahead.
Okay.
Check the monitors.
Do you see any damage to the face of the dam?
Oh, God, I am seeing some hairline cracks, yes.
That's okay, they're always there.
But if they start getting too big, you'll have to open the floodgate.
I could open it now just to be safe.
No!
I mean, no.
The rain could still let up.
Open that floodgate now and a dozen homes and businesses are gone.
Oh, okay.
I won't open the floodgate.
I don't get bullheaded about it.
Keep the gate closed too long and the dam could break.
All of South Ireland would be destroyed.
Okay, so I'll open the floodgate, but only if... Look, I got a bass boat stuck in a turbine at the LBJ Dam.
You're just gonna have to use your best judgment on this.
Fresh cinnamon rolls, courtesy of the Emergency Operations Center.
You thought you might be getting hungry?
Not today.
Nice.
You'll make sure these get inside, right?
Dad, are we gonna be okay?
Okay!
Joseph, how does being the best-looking kid on Earth sound to you?
Because that's what you're going to be when I'm done building an ark for you, your mother, and me.
Mm-hmm.
Hey, there's food!
The Army guy's got food for us!
Mmm, that smells delicious!
Who's in charge here?
I don't know.
I guess the Army guy.
Actually, it's supposed to be Hank, but he's not... Look, you've got a situation at the East Shelter, so you're gonna have to hold a fort for a while.
Here's your shelter kit.
Here's your satellite phone.
If you need to talk to the emergency ops center, just hit Speed Dial, pound sign one.
Speed Dial, pound sign one.
Hey!
It worked!
So, until Uncle Hank gets here, Mr. Doutrees is gonna be our leader?
God help us.
Mom, can I go play hide and seek with Joseph?
Hide and seek?
Oh my god, it's happening.
Bobby, grow up!
Now here's the school's master key.
Go to the teacher's lounge, have some coffee, and bitch about your friends.
Okay.
The updated forecast calls for continued heavy rain.
Good Lord, are the cracks getting bigger?
Open the floodgate and the dozen homes and businesses are gone, or the dam breaks and all of South Ireland will be destroyed.
Oh God, what do I do?
I don't know!
I don't know!
Oh, God.
Jerry?
I love Jerry!
Good call, Bill!
Bill, Hank still isn't here.
Where is he?
I think Bobby's got shelter shock.
He's reverting.
Where is Hank?
Now, now, Peggy, I'm sure Hank is fine.
You are?
Yes, I am.
Oh, so everything's gonna be okay?
That's right.
Now, why don't you lay down in bed and I'll get you a nice hot bowl of chicken soup?
How does that sound?
Well, that does sound nice.
I'll need a spoon.
It's also a fork for those nice bits of chicken.
Soak the leader dog treat here.
Mm-hmm.
Now see.
People, I've just been informed that a wall of water from Tut Repi Dam has destroyed several homes on River Oaks Drive and may have reached the new outlet mall.
We live on River Oaks.
My father-in-law, Mall, walks out that mall.
Hank, you're alive.
Did everyone who lives below the dam get here okay?
Don't worry, Hank.
They're all safe.
Asked out of that.
Oh, thank God.
You saw to that?
Yep.
I'm the shelter leader.
But I'm supposed to... I got the phone.
So they made you the leader?
Is everyone taking turns or... Yeah, well, we'll get this all straightened out.
I'm just glad I made it out of there.
It was horrible.
But at least I was able to save South Ireland.
How'd you do that?
Well, I opened the floodgate to relieve the pressure on the dam.
Wait, you opened the floodgate?
He's the Arlen Flutter!
You heartless bastard!
Alright, people easy!
I'm sure Hank has a good explanation for destroying your homes and outlet mall.
Well, I was authorized by T. Beck Minzemeier to- You made that name up!
No!
The phone was ringing, the red phone.
Oh, and who was on the other end?
Commissioner Gordon?
No, listen.
I was watching the cracks.
They went from hairline cracks to very thick hairline cracks.
Hank, I went to bat for you.
An excuse like that makes us both look bad.
Hey, let's go to the girls locker room and stand where naked girls have stood.
Okay.
Wait, I'm not so sure about my yearbook photo.
I think in 10 or 15 years, I might regret wearing that headband.
Or maybe I won't.
I already told you, the dam had cracks.
Every dam has cracks, stupid.
You tell him, Everett.
Everett's been working at that dam for 20 years, and we never lost a single home on his watch.
Everett?
Wait a minute, you're the guy who abandoned his post.
Hey, don't make this about Everett.
Now, come on, people.
I've known Hank Hill almost all my life, and if he was afraid... I was not afraid.
I had a difficult decision to make, but I weighed the choices and I acted.
In other words... Hey, you take that noise back.
You don't know anything about this because you left your post.
Yeah, well, maybe if I'd stayed at my post, we'd still have an outlet mall.
Look, in my training to be the shelter leader... Build the shelter leader!
Ready?
I'm about to make love to the camera.
Man, I never noticed how much you blink.
Ah, most desirable address in all of Jim is ours.
Yes, people admire us, but how do we make them fear us?
Roger that.
Yeah.
The man who controls the phone controls the shelter.
Control the man who controls the phone, kind.
Understood.
Ah, see.
Mm-hmm.
Beef stroganoff.
I'll inform my people.
Isn't that like the president reading a school lunch menu?
Surely a man in your position has more global concerns.
Well, I could use someone to... I'll get bullhorned.
Bill?
In charge?
I mean, Bill?
Hank, do you have any loose floorboards I could scavenge for my Ark's gangplank?
Joseph's been looking a little mutinous lately.
Dale, put that stuff back.
You're not the boss of me.
Bill's the boss of me, and he says my plan is bold and innovative.
Dang it.
Someone's got to snap this place into shape.
These are for emergencies.
The electricity could go off at any moment.
Hey, why don't you pick on someone your own size?
Okay.
We just had lunch.
We're supposed to be rationing our food in case supplies get interrupted.
Dang it, Bill, you can't be monkeying around with the emergency phone.
Suppose the EOC is trying to get through with important information.
I gotta tell you, Hank, those guys think everything's an emergency.
Bill, give me the phone.
You can keep the hat and the road flares, but you can't be trusted with our only lifeline to the outside world.
Let go, Hank!
Stop it!
You're creating a panic!
Con!
Con!
Get your men!
Con has men?
Take, Hank, to the cage!
There's a cage?
Come on!
You can't do this!
Let go of me!
Hey!
Parents tell your children they can sleep soundly tonight!
Shelter leader Dothrieve has locked up the Arlen Flutter!
Come on, Hill.
Gotta stay in shape.
Give me three more good ones.
I swear, I don't know how all the toilet paper got into my cart.
God dang it, Bill.
What's gotten into you?
You are out of control.
Strong leaders always make enemies, and that's why they make strong cages.
Cage was my idea.
Meh.
Ironic, huh?
Okay, lazy bones.
Time for breakfast.
Where's Hank?
Hank went with Con to work up a skid about hygiene.
That sounds like Hank.
Your hillbilly pal is drunk on power for once instead of corn squeezes.
How should I take and control the minute I walked in here?
Oh, so you have eye on top job.
No, but I mean look at us.
Don't worry, I support cool.
And then maybe you'll give me five minutes alone with sticky bun cut.
Look, we need to get out of here, Khan.
Give me a hand.
So, Nancy, what do you think of my arc?
Pretty yar, huh?
Oh, it's real yar, Shug.
Now climb on down and get something neat.
OK, attention, people.
It seems that we're all out of cinnamon sticky buns.
But the children love them.
You said we'd never run out of cinnamon sticky buns.
Well, we had plenty, but Hank ate them.
That's right, but don't worry.
I have procured enough carnation instant breakfast for everyone.
Go, yo, mighty Vahima!
Okay, let's find a beaker for the science club shot.
What the?
What are you doing?
You can't just stick pictures of yourselves in the yearbook.
Take it up with the class president.
Do you know how much trouble you could get into for submitting fraudulent clubs and activities pages?
Uh, no.
But these yearbooks won't come out until we already graduate, right?
I call prom queen!
That's right, hayseeds.
Keep watching your food.
You don't want to eat your fingers.
Shut up, Conn.
Let's get out of here.
Thanks for the tip, Conn.
What?
You show terrible judgment in trusting me.
How can I follow you?
Can I have my bullhorn back now?
Sure.
The batteries are dead, but you can wave it around.
Tang tang tang.
What am I gonna do with you?
I may just have to break out the dodgeballs and let the crowd have at ya.
Will you listen to yourself, Bill?
You sound like some kind of crazed gym teacher.
Is that the kind of leader you want to be?
I didn't seek the hard hat.
The hard hat was thrust upon me.
Fair enough, but dang it, this rain is gonna stop sometime, and when it does,
Bill, did it already stop?
It's still muggy out.
Bill, you got lucky.
The flood ended before we used up all our food and toilet paper, but now it's time to do your job.
The goal of a shelter leader is to get these people out of the shelter and back to their real lives.
But my real life sucks.
Bill, you've done a good job of keeping people happy, mostly by turning them against me, but this is your chance to go out on top.
You could be like Ted Williams.
Heck, people are still fighting over his frozen head.
Everyone, I have an announcement.
But first, I'd like to say that it's been an honor leading all of you.
When I first
The flood is over.
Wow, the Armageddon is beautiful.
It smells so fresh.
Is it safe?
What about upriver?
You can all go home.
Oh, Mr. Trunkers, there you are.
Let's go.
His name is Peanuts.
They don't need me anymore.
Well, that means you did your job, Bill.
Go on, CJ.
Ask the nice man.
Could you come talk to my scout troop?
The topic is what it takes to be a good leader.
Oh, and is this yours?
Oh, yeah.
Thanks.
Flutter.
Oh.
It's going to be a beautiful sunset.
Yep, it is.
You should have seen the rainbow yesterday.
Pretty yar, huh?
