Yep, I change my oil every 3,000 miles or when I get bored, whichever comes first.
I see London, I see France.
I told you Hank, London, and France.
Lady Bird, no!
Get out of my underwear!
Well, I put those on her.
Lady Bird is in heat and we are out of doggy diapers.
Peggy, how could you?
My old underwear?
I don't even wear that anymore.
Well, she wouldn't have to wear anything if you spayed her or hired someone to do it.
I can't have her spayed.
I'm gonna breed her one of these days.
She's almost 13 years old.
Well, you can't make a purebred bloodhound with just any old dog.
That'd be thrown away seven generations of the finest Georgia inbreeding.
This could be Lady Bird's last heat.
If you don't do something and fast, she's gonna spend the rest of her life childless and lonely, soaking about the house in soiled underwear, like Bill.
Get off, Sean.
Now, wing him.
Hang up, he didn't keep going another mile or two.
Ain't nothing keeps you sharp for deer season like hunting humans.
Excuse me, I couldn't help reading your lips.
This hunting humans.
Do you need a license?
This hat's my license.
Any man who skips out on his bail can be hunted like an animal, although not eaten.
All you gotta do is sit through a four-hour training course.
You're telling me there's a poorly trained quasi-legal police force that operates with few, if any, government controls?
It's about time.
Boy, that's some mighty fine hounds you got yourself there, Buck.
That's right.
Champions.
All of them.
Except the deaf one.
Yep.
Fine hounds.
Mm-hmm.
Uh, Mr. Strickland, there's something I'd like to ask you.
Uh, yeah.
Hank, I'd love to give you a raise, but the accountant department said, Buck, stop letting the employees put your lemons in the vise.
Donna said that?
My hands are tied.
Uh, sir, this is about my lady bird.
I finally decided to breed her and I was hoping one of your studs- Wheeee!
One of my boys finally gets to howdy mam the debutant.
Well, you know my terms.
500 to first session, 400 each additional session, and please, no flash photography.
Okay let's all shut up please.
Now we don't have much time so let's get right to it.
Now we don't have much time so let's get right to it.
In the next four hours we'll find out if you've got what it takes to wear this hat.
Lady Bird is gonna be a mommy.
Seems like just yesterday mom and dad brought her home for me.
On account of me not having any brothers and sisters to play with.
If I'd been old enough to talk, I would've asked for a monkey.
But I guess things worked out okay.
That's them.
Is everything... Lady Bird Hill?
You're beautiful.
Luanne, take off her underwear.
I'm honored you could share Lady Bird's special evening with us, Buck.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Let's make some hound dog.
I'm late for a bachelor auction.
Okay, you learned kicking down doors, you learned mustaches, mailman suits and other disguises.
Did we cover choke holds and pepper spray?
Yes.
Oh, good.
Take your seat.
Yeah.
Okay, you have 15 minutes to complete the ethics exam.
Good luck and try to remember what I taught you.
A, A, B, A, C. Congratulations Class of Thursday, AM.
You may now call yourselves bounty hunters.
Hello, Dr. Downs.
Hey, ladybird.
Oh, uh, this is my wife, Peggy.
I take care of our son.
So, uh, what'll it be?
Flea dip?
Tartar scrape?
Worm shot?
Not this week.
I finally let my little girl start dating and I think she's in a family way.
Oh, that's sweet.
Let me get a glove on and have a look-see.
Ugh.
This place gives me the deja vu's.
It's just like when we were trying to get pregnant.
Yeah, I remember.
So, Doctor, is she gonna be a mommy?
How do I say this without breaking your hearts?
No.
Oh, God.
Damn.
I have your test results.
Peggy.
I knew it.
I'll never get pregnant.
What is wrong with me?
Peggy, no.
This is not your fault.
He's right, Mrs. Hill.
There's no point in blaming yourself.
It's Hank's fault.
What?
You were born with a narrow urethra, and years of chronic tension have only made it worse.
I really don't think you'll ever have children.
But...
But that... that's impossible!
The lab reports confirm it.
Although, I suspected as much when it took you 30 minutes to produce a urine sample.
Hey, you want it done quick or you want it done right?
Hank, please calm down.
Your urethra will disappear.
Isn't there anything we can do?
For starters, we can transition you to boxer shorts.
Or if that's unacceptable, I can prescribe a specific series of sexual techniques.
A series?
Are you suggesting I break the law?
Oh, heck, please.
He's just trying to help us.
Now, I saw something on the news about a procedure called in vitro fertilization.
They mix your boys with one of my ladies in a test tube.
Isn't that wonderful?
No.
It's terrible.
It's science run amok.
Oh, hi.
It's perfectly safe, Mr. Hill.
They've tested it on animals.
Couldn't we just try it?
No.
It's wrong on humans and it's wrong on animals.
I'm sorry, Peggy.
I know you're disappointed, but that's just how I was raised.
By my mother and father, not a test tube.
So, uh, is Lady Bird gonna be a mommy?
Sorry, Hank.
Mr. Strickland better refund our $500.
I knew that stud was no good.
He wouldn't even look her in the eye.
It ain't the stud's fault.
It's Lady Bird's.
I'm afraid she's got a narrow uterus.
Ah, no.
So, she can't have puppies?
Well, stranger things have happened.
But no, she can't.
I know it hurts, Lady Bird.
I've been there myself.
I just wish I could scoop up your pain in a little plastic bag and throw it out.
Hey, get off her!
Forget it.
Knock yourself out.
Buddy, no!
Down!
I'm so sorry.
Hey, it's alright.
No harm, no foul.
See, the thing is, my ladybird has a narrow uterus.
The vet said she will never know the pleasures of motherhood.
In fact,
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to burden you.
Oh, not at all.
We were in the same situation with Buddy's mother.
Turns out there's all sorts of things you can do.
There are?
Like what?
Diet.
Hormones.
Body work.
Surgery.
There's a whole world out there.
Wow, I want to know everything.
Do you and your brother have time to grab a beer?
Uh, sure.
I know just the place.
Assault with a deadly weapon, and a tempered murder of a police officer.
He's been on the run about two days.
Hey, me, right here, I'll take it!
Excuse me, I had my hand up first.
Why do you keep giving all the cases to these other guys?
Because they're experienced professional bounty hunters?
You're just some diluted bug sprayer who took a four-hour course, learned a few choke holes, and got a hat.
Mmm, you are familiar with my credentials, yet you still refuse to give me a case?
If it'll shut you up, fugitive's name is James Jimmy Halstrom, aka Jim Halstrom.
Wanted for unpaid parking tickets.
The hunt is on.
100.7 Wow, it's hot in a dog's head.
Oh, I love the bloopers.
The practical joke's not so much.
What are you doing?
Charting Lady Bird's temperature.
I'm on a pinpoint the exact perfect moment for her to mate.
Hank, that thermometer's for company, you know that.
But I was using it.
Well, I don't see why.
The doctor said Lady Bird cannot get pregnant.
I know, I know, but then I met some men, we went to a bar, and before it all went horribly wrong, they told me a bunch of things I can do to get Lady Bird pregnant.
100.4, she's ready for a stud.
Peggy, quick, call Buck Strickland.
I put him on the speed dial.
Just press Peggy's mother.
Arlen Florist, I've got some long stem roses for Jimmy Hellstrom.
What the H are you doing?
It's called the Tellington Touch.
It's a body awareness technique.
All the top fertility experts swear by it.
My grandmother quilted that blanket.
Peggy, no.
I can't move her for two hours.
She just made it.
Just give me the freaking blanket.
Thought you could outsmart me, did ya?
Jay Hellstrom.
Lady Bird!
Hey Bobby, come stand with me.
Okay.
You know, I just, I don't like to drink alone.
So, how's school?
Fine.
That's nice.
Friends?
Yeah.
uh i gotta give ladybird her hormone biscuit let me see that see ladybird is gonna be a mommy and we're gonna have a puppy again just like when i was one year old and my parents got me ladybird boy that sure is a cute story but you got it all wrong your parents had that dog a whole year before you came along what
As I recall, your mama was having trouble getting pregnant on the count of your daddy's narrow doohickey, and eventually, well, they just gave up on ever having the child of their own, and they did the next best thing.
oh hi thank you she's perfect yeah
yeah hey hey they gave up on having a child of their own but here i am a child a child doesn't just come out of nowhere mr dotriev was i adopted well i'll tell you bobby if you get me some more of these cookies
But those are dog hormone biscuits.
And that's the last one.
And they're from a special store.
And it's two miles away.
Well, I'm sorry, Mommy.
That's the deal.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Outstanding.
We'll take the next flight out.
No, God bless you, doctor.
We did it, Peggy.
Lady Bird's been accepted into an in vitro fertilization program up at Michigan State.
In vitro?
What are you talking about?
Test tube puppies.
They're using this new experimental fertility drug.
I figure if it's safe enough for humans in France, it's probably safe enough for dogs in America.
Hank Hill, if you are thinking of flying your dog to Michigan to get her pregnant, do not bother buying a round trip ticket.
Relax, Peggy.
I don't have to buy anything.
Uh, can I have your frequent flyer number?
But I need those miles to get to my great aunt's funeral next year.
Fine, go.
Just do not expect me to be here when you get back.
Mom, can I stay with you for a few...
Oh, I'm sorry, Mr. Strickland.
Great news, Lady Bird.
We're going to... Oh, my God.
Let's get one thing straight, Lady Bird.
You work for me.
Oh, you're still here.
Ladybird's gone.
What happened?
I don't know.
Maybe you left her pen open by mistake, of course, and she ran away.
You're blaming me?
I would have to be pretty passive aggressive to do something like that and spit in your coffee every day for a week.
Wait a minute.
Receipt from Dale Gribble Bounty Hunter.
Borrowed one dog, Purpose Nabfugitive at 27 Whistler Terrace, signed Dale Gribble Bounty Hunter.
Damn it, Dale!
Okay, Gribble.
This is it.
Two days and four hours ago, you were an untrained, untested no-hat.
Now look at ya.
Yeah!
Freeze!
Bounty Hunter!
Freeze!
Bounty Hunter!
Freeze!
Get!
What do I want?
Left or right?
I wish Lady Bird were here.
She doesn't need a map.
That is it!
I am sick of you acting like you care more about that dog than you do about me, your human wife!
What?
I don't care more about... Oh no!
Lady Bird!
She's gonna dehydrate in there.
Between this sun and the incredible airtight construction of an American-made truck, I'd say she's got about five minutes.
I'm going in.
Are you Loco?
As soon as you step foot out there, those attack dogs will attack you to shreds.
I bet if I were stuck in a truck, you would leave me there.
Piggy, how would you ever get stuck in a truck?
I don't know.
The handle could break off.
That's not the point.
All week I have watched you jump through hoops trying to get Lady Bird pregnant.
And you never jumped through any hoops for me.
What are you talking about?
Well, you never put a thermometer in my ear.
Of course not.
Why would I?
See, you admit you love her more.
That's crazy.
I didn't do all that thermometer stuff with you because, you know, where's the romance?
With Lady Bird, it doesn't matter.
She's only a dog.
She's not my wife.
You're my wife.
Well, I know.
It's just... Well, sometimes a woman needs to hear it.
Why would you be jealous of Lady Bird?
You don't want to get pregnant, do you?
I don't know, maybe.
I think I'd rather have another baby right now than another puppy.
Me too.
That's why I've been trying to get Lady Bird pregnant.
I don't know what those men in that bar told you, but that is not how you have a baby.
I know that, but remember when we first got Lady Bird?
I always kind of believed that playing with that puppy was the one thing that finally relaxed me and my Eureka, uh, well, me enough for us to have a baby.
I just thought if we had another puppy in the house, uh, you know.
Oh, hi.
Oh.
Hang in there, lady bird.
Momma's coming.
Easy.
Easy.
I'm cool, man.
Easy.
Easy.
Be careful, Hank.
Nine times out of ten, they go right for the crotch.
And I'll see ten dogs out there.
Come on, girl.
Come on.
It's all right.
Shake hands.
Shake hands.
That's it.
Everything's fine.
Why are your arms shaking, Mr. Bounty Hunter?
If that is your real name.
Getting tired?
Yes.
Very tired.
Nice hat.
Back at you.
Jump, Ladybird, jump!
Good girl.
Okay, let's get the hell out of here.
Seat belts, please.
There you go, Mr. Dottrieve.
Only eight?
Those cost $26.
OK, Bobby.
Ask your question.
Mr. Dottrieve, am I adopted?
No.
Now, I'll tell you your middle name if you get me a glass of milk.
OK.
Oh!
Oh!
More spaghettios.
