Good ol' Mason 1500.
Handles like the day I bought her.
I tell you what, this is the only mower I'd want with me if I were ever stranded on a desert island.
You are gonna kill at that lawn mower focus group tomorrow, Hank.
Now Dale, a focus group is not a competition.
It's a chance for the informed lawn mower consumer to give valuable input to the Mason Corporation in a comfortable mall setting.
Well, I think it's just an honor to be invited.
You know, I'll tell you why we've got to go tomorrow.
Look at your average pickup truck.
With airbags and vanity mirrors, it's one focus group away from turning into a powder room.
We can't let that happen to the Mason 1500.
We sure can't.
Can we?
Bill, the only reason I invited Dale and Boomhauer and not you is because you're coming over for Thanksgiving dinner.
And I didn't want you to get sick of me.
Oh, Hank, I will never be sick of you.
Not even when we're sharing a cloud in heaven.
All right, you can come, but when I make a point, just nod.
Hank, you asked me to tell you when Celine Dion is off the field.
She's off.
Thanks, Mom.
Aren't moms great?
Yeah, they are.
I'll tell you what I'm thankful for, that it's my mom's turn to spend Thanksgiving with us.
She eats the dark meat and doesn't complain.
Boy, I tell you, she'd...
What the?
You long jockies were standing here when I left two months ago.
Pathetic.
Dad, you came last Thanksgiving.
This year it's mom's turn, remember?
Well, I don't want to cause any fuss.
Your mother can eat in the yard.
Now, in addition to all the things we normally don't talk about in front of my dad, let me add my Mason Company focus group.
How could you be worried about this focus group?
Your father is going to ruin this Thanksgiving, as Shirley S. Squanto and his band of Indians ruin the first one.
Oh, will you look at the time?
We've got to get this dinner on the table because we are getting up at four o'clock tomorrow morning.
Huh?
It is a two-hour drive to the mall, and I want us there right when the door's open.
I have never gotten up that early in my life unless fish were involved.
Hank, the day after Thanksgiving is, in my opinion, the biggest shopping day of the year.
And I will not spend another year giving Dallas Mavericks crap because the cowboy stuff was all sold out.
So I want us in bed by 7.30.
I won't be able to fall asleep that early.
You are not even trying.
Have another beer.
Well, it's worth a shot.
Dear Lord, we are grateful that Cotton has forgotten our carefully worked out holiday parent rotation schedule so that we may all be together on this day.
Amen.
Oh, Tilly, did you make this stuffing?
Doesn't taste like garbage!
Uh, Dad.
I haven't tell you about the town she tried to poison me with a baked chicken.
It was chicken almondine.
It was cyanide, woman.
Uh, Dad, could you please show Mom some respect while Bobby's in the room?
You heard him, Bobby.
Leave the room.
No, sit down, Bobby.
Could you at least respect Grandma until we get to dessert?
Did he show Grandma too, buddy?
You're pretty, Grandma.
Dad.
Of course, better still he was in the kitchen.
She was even worse in the bedroom.
I said the woman was lousy in the sack.
To the stuffing might taste like garbage, but it sure fills you up.
Come on, Peggy.
Turn off your itty-bitty headlamp and let's get some sleep.
This is six miles over Texas, Hank.
If you go unprepared, it will eat you alive.
Good night, Peggy.
That was a lovely dinner.
Good night, son.
Hmm.
Well, Mom seemed to enjoy herself tonight.
You defended Troy Eggman more than you defended your mother.
Mom knows how it is with Dad.
And there were six dropped passes.
All Troy can do is get it there.
Okay, everyone, follow my beam.
Hurry carefully.
Good morning.
I hoped we wasn't too loud last night.
Just so you know, you kids are on your own today.
I'm taking Bobby ice skating at the mall.
We're gonna go meet guys.
I'm the bait.
What?
Guys love single moms.
Boo!
I forgot how much old ladies stink.
Good!
God, you've got a fat neck, Hank!
So, Dad, I thought we'd split up at the mall.
Are you gonna talk the whole way?
Now, I'm gonna head down to the corn dog shack and watch the girlies make lemonade.
Goodbye, Peggy.
No time.
Oh, fire truck.
Hi, how long would it take to glue a rubber sole back on a lady's loafer?
Five minutes.
Lady's loafer?
That's a men's loafer.
It is a uni loafer.
Have it your way.
This is going to take a while.
Oh.
Hmm.
Hey, here come leftover turkeys!
Ah-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Oh, hell, you're here?
I am everywhere you want to be, Hank Hill!
I'm Jonathan Burroughs, your moderator.
My research associates and I at research associates have only one client, the American consumer.
Yes, we are being paid by the Mason Corporation, but we are paid to be independent.
What's the matter?
We may or may not have run into your dad in the men's room, and we may or may not have told him that we were being paid $50 to participate in a focus group.
Mostly may.
Dad, that was a close one.
Now, what you're going to want to do is turn around, head out the door, and, well, once you're out the door, there really is no wrong turn.
Outta my way!
Why don't we start by introducing ourselves?
Can super news impone, I am system analyst.
So that's what you do.
What kind of systems?
Oh, I bother explain.
You already know your head.
You sir.
Lane Prentley, I own Prentley Ford, Prentley Hyundai, and I got my own Prentley Cadillac.
My daddy ain't doing so good.
Hey, you sold me an escort once.
Boy Schubert, minister, although I've lost my faith.
Of course, I did find a pretty great parking space on my way in.
But the Lord works in such mysterious ways, who the hell knows?
Uh, my name's Hank Hill, and I- He runs a gas station.
Next, I'm Cotton Hill.
I killed 50 men.
Is that a real computer?
Yes.
Oh, in that case, my name is Rusty Shackleford.
Shackleford.
and you just go ahead and call me boomer man, it'll be my last name, you know, it'll do a lot of different things, you know, I had a job back there, I'm a company, you know, the settlement, man, I'll get a works comp too, man, it's tax free, man.
Okay, you sir.
I'm Bill Doe Treave, I'm a Sergeant Barber in the United States Army, I'm five foot eight and three quarters inches tall, my wife Lenore divorced me in the year of our Lord, 1991, that's about it.
Super, what a fine lot you are.
And now I'd like to direct your attention to the best that the Mason Corporation has to offer.
That's my mower, the Mason 1500.
The Mason 2500.
Lower than worse.
That's not my mower.
They call this progress?
They've pushed out all the mower to make room for cruise control, zero turning radius, featherweight space age polymers, optional rear bag attachment, Tommy Hillfinger sports package.
I love this mower so much, my.
My heart hurts.
Why?
Why do you love it so much?
Because Hank Hill will never be able to afford one on his meagre salary.
My boy's a pump jockey.
Works for tips.
Dad, I do not work for tips.
Pump jockey!
Dad, I am not a pump jockey.
Works for tips.
I like the mower.
It's got a lot of nice curves, like a pretty young woman.
Hank's mower's like a dumpy fish wife.
What are we waiting for, Luanne?
Maybe it's too soon, since... Buckley's not getting any better, Luanne.
It's time to move on.
Yeah.
Let's go!
Are you alright?
No.
It's just that... they're playing Buckley and my song.
Come on, Betsy.
Well, you gotta love a product with this many options and add-ons.
See, that's where you make your money.
You take your optional rear bag.
Now, if I had a Mason dealership, I'd guarantee you, if you walked into my showroom, you'd ride out with that bag behind your ass.
You sold me pinstripes from my escort?
No, no, no, no.
Let me explain to you.
I financed you pinstripes for your escort.
So if I'm hearing you people, this mower has surpassed your expectations and quite possibly your dreams?
Now, hold on.
Boom, Howard, Bill, and Rusty and me don't like it.
Of course, you don't like it.
Anything I like, you don't like.
Then when I say I don't like something, for example, your mother, you've got to say how much you like her even more.
Please keep my mother out of this.
How about you, Rusty?
Rusty?
Rusty?
Oh, Shackleford.
Yes, I am pro-mower.
What?
I like the ashtray.
Don't be an idiot, Dale.
That's the gas cap.
He's an idiot.
He can use it however he wants.
Thank you, Colonel.
Well, looks like we're pretty close to a consensus.
Now, if we could discuss the electric seat warmer, why would we need our seat warmed?
That's what pants are for, right, Boom Hauer?
I don't know, Hank.
Maybe they'll get naked on that thing, man.
It'll vibrate and feel good, man.
So you're in favor of the more, Mr. Boom Hauer?
They don't listen, man.
Ah, Boomhauer.
I'd like to make a point.
I already made your point, Bill.
We don't like it.
We like the old model, thank you.
Is that the point you wanted to make, Mr. Dohtreve?
Yes.
No.
Hank, you have been speaking for me for... I don't know how long.
Years and years.
Well, that sounds about right.
Well, starting today, William Fontaine de La Tour d'Autrice speaks for himself.
Atta boy, Phil.
And what I have to say will rock your world.
I like the cup holder.
Bill, we can order you a cup holder and I'll attach it to your 1500.
No, no.
I'm sorry, Mr. Hill.
Mason doesn't make parts for models that are being discontinued.
Your mower is, uh... Oh, what's a nice word for obsolete?
Collectible?
Perfect.
Bill's on fire today.
Yeah, way to go, Bill.
Your mower is obsolete, Hank.
When something gets old and tired, you gotta trade up.
You mean like you traded in mother for deety?
I didn't trade your momma in, I traded in ass and value!
Aye, scraptor!
Listen to all of you.
You're hypnotized by a slick mower with all sorts of bells and whistles, and you're gonna fall for it.
Well, I'm not.
My mower is reliable, low maintenance, and has held up damn well over the years.
I've got a good mower, and I have got a good mother.
Well, so let's see a show of hands.
All those in favor of the new model?
Wait, are we voting for Hank's mom or the mower?
The mower.
Oh!
Gentlemen, you've made it clear that this new mower is what today's consumer wants.
When do we get our fifty dollars?
We haven't earned it yet.
This invitation specifically states that we are to discuss this new lawnmower for three hours from 9 a.m.
to noon.
We still have an hour and a half.
Oh, Hank.
Give us a break, Hank.
When you little redneck boy, you couldn't defend your mother.
Now you compensate by defending your mower.
You confuse personal issues with technological.
I have father issues too, but this is a good mower.
Yeah.
No, it's not.
And you know what?
I'm willing to put my money where my mouth is.
I'll put up my $50 less my expenses if you still like the new mower after I've had my say.
That works out to over $7 a piece.
Put on your tap shoes, Shirley!
Wait'll dad see this!
I'm sorry about all those things Cotton said about you.
It doesn't mean anything.
He just doesn't like you.
Oh, I wouldn't mind Cotton's rantings if Hank would just stick up for me.
Well, if it makes you feel any better, Hank doesn't stick up for me either, his own stepmother.
Now you folks think that just because this mower is new, it's improved.
So we should just get rid of the old one, right?
Well, hold on for a second.
A lot of great things in life are old.
Like old glory, old faithful, old testament.
Well, shalt not kill.
Just because of baptism turns into a little drowning.
Everybody's gonna blame somebody.
Reverend, that's an awful thing.
Can I ask you a question?
What kind of car do you drive?
Mitsubishi Daimonte.
I think if you're just about through here, I'd like to take the good Reverend over to the lot.
Put him behind the wheel of a brand new, pre-owned Sonata.
I'm not through here yet, Lane.
Let me ask you this.
You'd buy this mower, right?
With all the bells and whistles?
Well, hell yeah.
So you'd be the one paying all that dealer markup, right?
You'd be just like me.
Whoa, whoa, hey now, Hondo.
Just a second here, little goddamn Mason sons of bitches.
I'mma change him a vote.
All right then, we're making some progress here.
Now, Boom Hauer, you like that fancy electronic seat warmer, don't you?
Yo.
It sounds like a good thing.
I'll give you that.
But, Boom Hauer, when you ride your mower, where do you keep your beer?
Man, I've planted dangled beer right between legs, man.
Between his legs.
In other words, this electronic seat warmer is heating up more than just Boom Hauer's can.
It's also heating up his can of beer.
Man, I don't want warm beer like a... you got that damn good Euro trash, man.
You're drinking that old warm crap.
All right, boom-hours on board.
That makes three of us.
You'll never sway me.
I am unswayable.
I'd be a little more impressed with you, Dale, if you didn't have chocolate chip crumbs all over your eyebrows.
No way.
See for yourself.
Hey, you're right.
Who are those people?
Oh, those are just people sent here to monitor your thoughts and opinions.
To learn how you think.
You know, get inside your head.
That's four.
Alright, I think I've got enough positive and negative comments to put together a very positive report.
Not so fast.
I've still got thirty minutes.
And Taiwan won't be far behind.
And second... Rock the Casbah!
Rock the Casbah!
Sherry don't like it!
That's it!
This is a zero-turning radius mower, is it not?
It has a rear-bag option and it's made of ultralight space-age materials.
Now, taken alone, each of those things might be good, but combined, they're a prescription for terror.
I don't see or like where this is going.
Reverend Hubert.
I didn't drown that boy.
Would you do me the honor of getting on the mower?
Now, drive to the wall and execute a 180-degree turn.
Now engage the zero turning radius.
That could have been me.
I hate this moa.
There's your space age polymers.
There's your zero turning radius.
There's your rear bag option.
My cup holder.
Oh, now I know why you're always speaking for me, Hank, because I'm never right and you always are.
You know, Bill, if I'm always speaking for you and I'm always right, that means you're always right too, doesn't it?
Well, uh... It does.
It does.
It does!
How do you like that?
I'm always right!
That's everybody but one.
Preacher, have y'all still in the baptizing business?
I'd like you to drown my boy, Hank.
They said the ladies room was the second door on the right, so this must be it.
I'll tell you who get my vote.
The guy who figures out a way to strap an old woman on an old moor and run a boat off a cliff.
Oh, he's doing it again.
And in public.
Don't get me wrong, Mr. Khan.
I like a woman with a big butt.
But Tillie was taking advantage of the situation.
All right, I've had enough, Dad.
Don't you talk to me like that, boy.
I'll tell you when you've had enough.
No, Dad.
My mower is not too old, and my mom was not too old.
But this isn't about my mom, and it's certainly not about my mower.
It's about a bitter old man who blames everybody but himself for all his own problems.
And if you ever talk about my mom or my mower like that again, you're not welcome in my house.
Amen.
You got a fat neck, boy!
Well, I'm not sure if there is a god or heaven.
But one thing I can tell you is your daddy's going to hell.
Hello, son.
How was the focus group?
Eh, not so great.
And now I've got to do all my shopping.
Have you thought about what you want for Christmas, Mom?
I don't need anything from you, Hank.
You've given me enough already.
Well, I guess Piggy got a ride home with Cotton.
Huh, I'll be dipped.
Pumpjacket!
I am not a pumpjacket!
Work for tips!
