Dale, your wife's a weather personality.
Does she have any idea when this drought's gonna end?
No relief in sight.
And that's straight from the AP Newswire to Nancy to me to you.
Well, stage one water rationing wasn't too bad.
I just cut out Peggy's crystal light.
When we hit stage two, I took away Bobby's baths.
But stage three is killing my lawn.
And that affects everyone.
Bobby!
Have you lost your mind?
I've got a girlfriend now.
She expects me to smell a certain way.
Then suck it up and take a shower.
Eh, I don't like to stand that long.
Hey, uh...
J.J., how'd we do?
You're just at your weekly allotment.
Dang it.
I scrimped and saved all week.
Why don't you get a couple of those new low-flow toilets?
They use about half as much water and the water company's giving them out for free.
Well, I don't know.
My toilets have given me 15 years of dependable service.
I'm not one of those guys who turns 40 and runs out and buys fancy new toilets.
Check it out, Hank Hill.
Who got the green thumb now?
Hey, Seed.
How in stage three could you?
I use secret Asian watering technique.
Ah, come on.
That's crazy.
Don't let my genius and mathematics blind you to my mystical side.
I could spit in a thimble and water Central Park.
Goodbye, toilets.
Thanks for everything.
New low-flow toilets.
Boy, this is exciting.
But I guess you guys are probably used to it by now.
Yeah, I'm used to it.
Don't pull the mask off.
What the?
Dang it.
still?
heck of a game so uh Peggy uh I'm just curious how many flushes was that?
a lady does not discuss such matters
It was six.
I'm averaging for myself, but I'm just a kid.
This is crazy.
If you have to flush twice, you're already using as much water as our old toilets.
But we're flushing three, four, six times.
We're not saving any water.
If anything, we are wasting water.
I'm gonna call the water company to see about getting the high flows back.
Uh-uh, I already called.
They take the old toilets, they smash them up, then dump them in the Gulf of Mexico to make an artificial coral reef.
Mom, you needed seven.
That's it.
Thanks for the help with the algebra homework.
Now, if you ever need help with your homework, Sanjay owes me a favor.
So, was I 20 gallons over my limit?
Or was it a cool 40?
Look, I already told you.
It's a hundred bucks.
It's a bribe, not a tip.
Okay!
Okay!
Best hundred bucks I ever spent!
So, is dirty money going for more steroids or hair plugs?
Haha!
Haha!
Just kidding!
Ah, you alright, Jackal Elaine?
Hey, what are you doing?
I'm here to take a bath.
Are you crazy?
Get out!
Legally, I can shoot you now.
With what?
A water pistol?
You seem to have plenty of the wet stuff these days, don't you, sir?
I don't know what you're talking about.
I use secret Asian watering technique.
Best hundred bucks you ever spent.
What you want?
Beds.
And lots of them.
Oh.
And I'm tired of climbing in and out of Connie's window.
From now on, I'll be using the front door.
Excuse me, where do you keep your good toilets?
Sorry, we don't stock the good toilets anymore.
Just the low flows.
And even if I did have the high flows, it would be illegal to install them in Heimlich County.
Which idiot made it illegal to install a working toilet in your own bathroom?
The Board of Zoning and Resources, ordinance 621A.
The Board of Zoning and Resources did this?
Huh.
I love their setback requirements.
The motion to postpone item 25 until next week carries.
Any other business?
Tank Hill here, Assistant Manager Strickland Propane.
May I first say what an honor it is to be addressing this distinguished board?
Now, I recently installed low-flow fixtures in my home.
Mr. Hill, in order to even discuss this issue, it would have to be on the agenda.
Okay then, let's put it on the agenda.
Sir, only a member of the Board of Zoning and Resources can place items on the agenda.
But my toilets.
Mr. Hill, your time is up.
We appreciate your comments.
Mr. Chairman, I'd like to remind the members of the board that it is Earl's birthday.
I move we wish Earl happy birthday.
I second the motion.
All in favor?
Aye.
The motion carries.
Happy birthday, Earl.
Then before I knew it, my time was up.
I never even got to mention the sorry state of my lawn.
Did you move to extend time for consideration of the pending question?
What?
How'd you do that?
Hank, I am a veteran of PTA meetings, both as a P and a T, and I have read the Bible of parliamentary procedure known as Robert's Rules of Order.
Sounds like someone should run for mayor.
I mean, you are the smartest man in town, Dad.
Well, you know, there's nothing saying I couldn't run for a spot on the board of zoning and resources.
Well, you can count on my vote, assuming I agree with your platform.
I, Hank Hill, do hereby submit this application to be on the ballot for election to the Board of Zoning and Resources.
I will build my platform on thick, healthy lawns made possible by efficient toilets that don't waste water.
Okay, you're in.
You hear that, Bobby?
Your old man's on the ballot.
There is no ballot.
There's been an empty seat on the board for the past four years.
Congratulations, you're a board member.
No, Bobby.
Arland won.
It's gone from evergreen to amber mist.
Ashes to ashes.
We'd have so much more water for our lawns if we didn't have that stupid toilet law.
I'm gonna use all the power of my position to get our old toilets back.
They say power is the ultimate after deject.
Hank, can you introduce me to Madeleine Albright?
People!
People!
There are limits to our newly empowered friend Hank's power.
He deals in simple county-level matters, like the permit I need to build my new fence.
Now, Dale, first you need to write up your proposal, then you need to present it to the board for a vote.
And then democracy happens.
I get a new fence, give me fence, lots of fence, hey, please fence me in, oh yeah, give me fence, lots of fence, please fence me in.
Motion to approve item 39, the resolution to include in the city fee ordinance the smart growth incentives.
Second.
All in favor.
Aye.
Aye.
Aye.
Motion passes.
Next order of business, Mr. Dale Gribble's request for zoning variance.
In the interest of impartiality, I would like to put on the record that Dale Gribble is a close friend and neighbor.
And I will add that I know him to be a good father and a responsible citizen of Ireland.
Well put.
Mr. Chairman, board members, basically what I am envisioning is a 12 foot 10,000 volt electrified protective fence with guard tower.
Thank you.
Dale, that is the single dumbest.
All in favor?
You're making me look like a jackass.
All in favor of Mr. Gribble's variance?
Nay.
Nay.
Request tonight.
You're dead to me.
Final order of business item 41 has also been put on the agenda by Mr. Hill.
Chairman yields the floor.
Thank you Chairman Hashaway.
1.6 gallons per flush per low flow toilet.
Sounds pretty good doesn't it?
But unfortunately, in the real world, where things don't flush like they do in the movies, it can take three, four, or in the case of my wife Peggy Hill, six flushes to completely remove solid waste.
The fact is, these toilets are squandering more water than they are saving.
Thank you.
Mr. Hill, I want to assure you that the board fully considered all viewpoints before approving ordinance 621A.
See you all Wednesday.
Oh, what am I saying?
I'll see you Sunday at Earl's party.
There's a party?
Hey, I know you.
Gee, I recognize this Hank Hill.
Seriously, Hank, I want you to see something.
Because of the worsening drought, we thought we'd swap these high flows for a couple of water savers.
So, um, why don't you take the old toilets?
Be happy, and we'll move on to the important business of zoning and resources.
Well, that's mighty nice of you, Nate, but that would be breaking the law.
So until I get that law revoked, I'm gonna have to say, not yet.
You're a real boy scout, aren't you, Hank?
Made it to Eagle.
Good night.
Mr. Grebel.
No, don't sneak up, God.
I almost... Oh, I'm sorry.
I hear you're Hank Hill's neighbor.
I just wanted to talk to you about a little piece of business.
Go on.
Here's what I'll do.
We're both adults here.
Oh, no.
What are you doing?
Well, I was listening to your mother tell me about her day and then it hit me.
Freezer shavings.
They're made of water.
Oh, look at all the frost inside this box of Fletcher's corny dogs.
Thank you, Jesus.
Hey, Mick Nugget, what the hell you doing?
Shhh!
My dad will hear us.
You breaking our agreement?
My bribe not big enough to cover your bath?
My slip and slide on your father's lawn?
Something gotta give, and I'm not gonna be my slip and slide.
And it's not gonna be my dad's lawn.
Forget the baths.
Done, and you can forget your front door pillages.
Alright.
Alright.
Iron Grimp!
Come on, Bobby, you slept through the bus.
Sweet St.
Augustine.
It worked that fast?
Yeah.
Well, how about that?
I was hoping those freezer shavings would work, but between you and me, I had my doubts.
Mmm, that's a handsome lawn.
Well, your Raleigh San Augustine is a real deep-rooted sod.
And it takes a pretty picture, too.
These were taken over the last several nights by a private investigator.
If I'm not mistaken, that's your boy violating the water rationing laws with your neighbor's hose.
Bobby?
Don't worry.
I'll keep your secret.
Unless, of course, you want to keep pushing that toilet issue.
I idolized you.
Bobby, you stole water.
You violated both the letter and the spirit of the water rationing rules.
Dad, I didn't steal the water.
Mr. Super Noose Impone, let me have it.
Don't lie to me, son.
Khan hates my lawn.
Oh, it's true.
I mean, I had to blackmail him.
Blackmail?
Mr. Supanussinphone started it.
I caught him bribing the meter reader guy.
Oh, God.
JJ, too?
But, Dad, I saved your lawn.
I don't have a lawn.
I have a crime scene.
And that grass is getting the death penalty.
No more water.
Dad, guess what?
I just took a 30 second shower.
And I'm gonna dry myself off on the lawn.
The lawn's dead, Bobby.
You're just making mud.
Here kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty.
Here kitty.
Dale, you can't build that fence.
You need a variance.
Variance, shmarriance, puddin' and pie.
Signed by Nate Hashaway.
Where'd you get that?
Stop interrogating me.
I'll never crack.
What are you talking about?
All right, I did it!
I took the photos of the illegal lawn hydration for Hashaway.
What?
You sold me out for a stupid fence?
You bet I did.
I'm so ashamed.
Here.
Tear it up if that empty gesture will make you feel better.
Hank, you're alive to me.
Call me.
Connie.
Hashaway.
Dad, I found out something about Hashaway that you could use against him.
Bobby, you keep your dirt.
I've got enough where my lawn used to be.
Dad, listen.
I was climbing through Connie's window, and then I... Window?
Your mother said Con was letting you use the front door.
He was, but I gave that up to water your lawn.
This meeting is called order.
Sorry I took so long.
I went to powder my nose.
It took eight flushes.
This has got to stop.
First item of business, uh, well, it's our old friend proposal to repeal ordinance 621-A.
I believe Mr. Hill now wants to rescind his proposal.
No, sir, I do not.
You see, the envelope in front of Mr. Hashaway there contains photographs of my son watering my lawn with stolen water.
I accept full responsibility, and after tonight's meeting, I will resign my position.
But why is Nate Hashaway fighting so hard to keep low-flow toilets?
Because his company, Hashaway Fixtures, is the exclusive supplier of low-flow toilets to the water company.
That's right.
He makes money off 621A.
And that's why I move that we vote to overturn it.
I second the motion.
All right.
I call for vote.
Nay.
Nay.
But these toilets he's selling, they don't work.
Well, I don't own one personally.
I never even used one.
But I've known Nate for 18 years.
And if he says these low flows are good for Ireland, I'm inclined to believe it.
It's 5 to 9 against you, Mr. Hill.
How do you vote?
I vote Hank wait Okay, until you say I or nay this vote is not final and any member who leaves before its final forfeits their vote It's all right here and Robert's rules of order so they can't leave so what so?
Eventually they will have to go to the bathroom the low flows
Hank, I have two years worth of my musings columns in my purse.
Start reading.
Do not let up.
Mr. Hill, you have the floor?
Yes, I do.
But before I vote, I think it's important to read these things to, uh, you.
You know it's autumn when the leaves are leaving and the pine needles are sticking around.
Sorry, go on.
Oh, god dang it.
It's a filibuster.
I'm tired of reading negative stories about today's youth.
You might say I'm on an all-protein diet.
I'm not leaving.
I'm just going to the john.
Be my guest.
The people who say you can't make an omelet without cracking eggs are always pretty hard-boiled.
Mr. Heel.
They say time flies, but with the way the airlines are going these days, maybe time should take the bus.
That's right, the bus.
They say an apple a day keeps the doctor away, but if you don't go to the doctor for regular checkups, you're bananas.
Both people and rivers make deposits.
This is just sadistic.
I wouldn't go in the junk.
I'll use the ladies.
Too late, somebody already broke it.
Nate, those low-flow toilets are junk.
I'm voting with Hank.
Me too.
I'm not sure I could even make it home.
You're a bunch of babies.
I'm changing my vote.
Same here.
Fine.
Have it your way, you do-getting phonies.
I hope you all rot in hell.
See you next Tuesday.
Well, looks like Nate forfeits his vote.
I vote yes.
The repeal of ordinance 621A passes, and I quit.
Way to go, Dad!
You did it!
From now on, no one will flush a toilet in this town without thanking Hank Hill.
Yeah, well, it was still worth it.
Still?
