I have corrected your geometry homework from last night.
For anyone who did not get the extra credit question, Peggy Hill was the substitute teacher of the year in 1996.
I got number four wrong.
Explain it, please.
Okay.
Truffauts.
A circle of diameter three has a larger area than a square of side three.
And the answer, of course, is... FALSE.
Why?
Well, just look at it.
It's got the areas and your diameters.
You can't show your work.
Of course I can.
But if I have to waste all my time explaining number four to you, I will not have time to explain number five.
You know, if we're going to follow the cowboys around when we retire, we'll be going to your green bays in your Minnesotas, so an RV with a heated steering wheel just makes sense.
Of course that means we'll need the luxury cruiser, which is 5,000 more than the deluxe cruiser.
So how much extra per month do we need to put away?
And just what is that supposed to mean?
You think I can't do basic math?
Is that why you always handle the retirement account?
That's crazy.
You know, I just enjoy going to the bank.
Well, I am going from now on.
Comprende?
Oh, Hank, I'm sorry.
The truth is,
Something else is upsetting me.
Oh, well, okay.
You feel better?
No.
Hank, my entire life, I have always had all the answers.
And today I didn't, and I'm scared.
What if I'm really not as smart as I think I am?
Oh, come on, Peggy.
You've got an IQ of 170.
You've said so lots of times.
Yes, but there could be a margin of error, especially when it's just my own estimate.
Hank, I have never taken an IQ test in my life.
Oh, God.
What if I'm average?
Do you have any idea how dumb average is?
The only intelligence testing site endorsed by the Intelligence Institute of Texas.
Even I sound smart reading that.
OK, Bobby.
This needs to be official.
Ready?
Bobby, you got a people and a teen people.
Peggy, you got a letter from the Intelligence Institute of... Dear genius, based on your high intelligence score, we extend an invitation to join an elite group of 150 smartest people in Texas.
Copies of the handsome official registry of members featuring your name, Peggy Hill, may be purchased for only $39.99
A $59.99 value.
Can we buy one?
The registry will be presented to me at a ceremonial dinner at the Hotel Arlen.
No guests, of course, unless they're also certified geniuses.
Well, that's okay.
You go ahead and have fun.
I'll just stay home and watch the ball game.
Unless you want me to take that test.
Oh, thank you.
My Nancy's a genius, too.
A genius at having a great can.
Yeah.
Peggy's pretty excited about getting her name in this book that the Institute puts out.
Institute.
Yeah, the Intelligence Institute.
They recommend that we buy 20 books, but I'm hoping Peggy'll be satisfied with eight.
20 books, eh?
So they administer the test, and they sell the books.
Sounds like she is getting ripped off by they, um... Wait a second.
You're getting scammed.
I should know.
I lost a bundle to that gypsy model in school.
Oh, Peggy.
I'm just saying, if something sounds too good to be true, it probably is.
The books are almost $40 each.
That is not a very good deal.
You know those pads of 8x10 scratch paper Dale gave us?
The ones with the picture of him holding a tennis racket?
Well, it turns out those were part of a scam.
Maybe you should go talk to him before going to this dinner.
Honey, it is sweet of you to be worried, but I do not need your help.
Oh, I wish my lenses were thicker.
Hello, my name is Dr. Robert Visosa.
I'm the provost of the Intelligence Institute.
It's such a pleasure and an honor and a little intimidating, I must say, to be standing here before you.
My gosh.
But before we begin the presentation of the books, ta-ta.
I'd like to talk about an exciting way for you to take your brain power and your lives to the max.
You're all familiar with the benefits of a PhD degree.
The clock at the bank once said 110 degrees.
But what if you could get that same prestigious degree at home through a series of super concentrated, for geniuses only, courses?
Now I know what you're thinking.
There's got to be a catch.
Well, there is.
You've got to be a genius.
I've always wanted a PhD, but $999, it just seems like a lot of money.
If I had a PhD, I'd stop being a sports announcer and start calling chess games and such.
I would quit my job as a housekeeper at Econos Suites.
I'm Jimmy.
I work at the car race with a car's race.
If I was Dr. Jimmy, no one would call me stupid.
Dr. Jimmy does have a ring to it.
Aye.
I thought of it first!
Well, I know.
Give it back!
Give it back to me!
Uh, excuse me, geniuses.
I hope you won't mind if I borrow Mrs. Hill.
Um, Dr. Visosa, I must admit, I am a little surprised to see Jimmy Witcher here.
I'm quite familiar with the man and his work, and I... Peggy, Peggy, if you dropped a box of toothpicks in front of him,
You'd understand why we at the Institute expect great, great things from Jimmy Richard.
However, they're nothing compared to what we expect from you.
Peggy, I think you could be my greatest student.
I feel the same way, but I don't have $999.
Uh-huh.
Well, let's think about that.
Do you have an IRA savings account?
A car?
Do you have a car?
My husband and I have been saving for our retirement.
Well, Peggy, with a PhD in hand, your earning power is gonna skyrocket.
I don't have to tell a genius what a doctor earns.
Peggy, are you worth investing in?
Who shall I make it out to?
Our cash is fine.
Welcome to America's most prestigious box degree program.
Let's begin our learning adventure.
Please open workbook number one.
Shapes.
Cirque of the word on the right corresponds.
This concludes workbook number 40 and your PhD coursework.
Congratulations on your achievement, Doctor.
What a night.
Say good morning to Dr. Peggy Hill.
And how about some eggs, Doctor?
Bobby, don't make fun of your mother.
Hank, let me bring you up to speed.
I have a PhD now.
The Intelligence Institute sold me everything I needed.
They sold you a PhD for how much?
$999.
What?
Where the heck did you get that kind of money?
From our retirement account.
That was supposed to be our reward for all the years of responsibility.
How could you do this, Peggy?
Wait, are you mad because I didn't do this sooner?
No, I'm mad because I didn't put my foot down the moment I knew you were in over your head with a bunch of con artists.
I see.
Okay, so the only people who think I am smart enough to earn a doctorate must be con artists, is that it?
I'm not convinced they think you're all that smart, Peggy.
They could have rigged that test so anyone would look like a genius.
Anyone, Hank?
I'M A GENIUS!
Okay, that's it.
I'm gonna leave you two geniuses right here while I clean up your mess.
Hank, I do not need you to clean up my messes.
And this is not a mess.
And I'll clean it up.
It's over, Peggy.
Let me put this in words even a genius can understand.
You are not a genius.
Look, what I mean is...
Okay, you've got what they call book smarts.
Now, if we wanted to write a story about you losing our money, well, hands down, you're the one for the job.
But if we want to do something that needs street smarts like getting our money back from the jerk who stole it, then I'm the guy.
I can take care of it, Hank.
Luckily, I have enough faith in me for the both of us.
Hank?
I came for my money back.
No, no, no.
Listen, I said you'd lose up to 30 pounds.
Up to.
You said I was a genius.
No.
Okay.
Didn't you read the fine print on your diploma?
It clearly states no refunds.
Nada Refundo.
Okay?
No refunds.
Unfortunately, I called you here to give you some bad news.
Dr. Robert Visosa is a con artist.
The PhDs he sold us aren't even worth the paper we printed them on.
What?
Impossible.
I've already received several graduation gifts.
I had a toaster.
And a hat.
Well, it turns out those intelligence tests tested nothing but our gullibility.
But we took the test.
Yes, I did.
I took it, too.
People, let me see if I can explain it another way.
Things are not always as they appear to be.
This looks like I pulled my thumb off.
She pulled the thumb off!
Call a doctor!
I'm a doctor.
By Zosa lied to us to get our money.
Oh my god, we were scammed.
It took us for saps.
What do we do now?
Well, we get our money back by conning the con man.
And here is how it's gonna go down.
Visosa already knows that Jimmy works at the racetrack.
What he does not know is that the mob fixes the drag races, and Jimmy always knows who's going to win.
Wait a second.
There ain't no fixed races?
I said it was a con, Jimmy.
I tell Visosa there is an illegal betting parlor at the Econos Suites, where all of Arland's high rollers bet on the races.
Jimmy calls me from the track and gives me the winners in advance.
I place my bet, Tug announces the results, and I will.
We will convince Visosa he has a sure thing by letting him win two races.
We're going to give him more of our money.
Just another thousand dollars a piece to gain his trust.
His natural greed will take over, and he will place a huge bet, and we will fix the last race so he loses it all.
Who's ready?
We're gonna cut him!
Cut him good!
Wow!
You got a big foot there.
Please, I need that money.
All right, all right.
Here, help yourself to a bottle of herbal bust enhancer and we'll call it even.
I shouldn't tell you this, but I have got the opportunity of a lifetime.
You lend me the money, I will cut you in.
Time to bake the hook.
$1,000 apiece, please.
My Sosa's already taken us for $8,000.
If I lose this, I'll have to be buried at sea.
You have my word.
They will put you in the ground.
And that goes for all of you!
Doctor, my Sosa just checked in.
It's on.
Oh!
Jimmy?
I'm at the racetrack.
I know who wins.
Scott Yancey!
Got it.
Scott Yancey.
Welcome to the gambling parlor.
Your bet, sir.
Yeah, 2,000 on Scott Yancey at 2 to 1.
2,000?
It's almost like you have a hot tip.
And in the fourth race, Scott Yancey is off the line fast.
And Yancey wins!
$4,000.
Is it lucky in here?
Or is it just you?
Pretty good, pretty good.
But like my ex-wife used to say, anybody can do it once.
JVM Martin Z Javier Martinez it is.
Well, why not make this interesting?
I'm going to bet $6,000 at two to one.
And it's Aviar Martinez, a wacko from Waco.
Oh!
Enough with this small change.
I want to clean these oaks out.
No, no, I don't want to remove Mrs. Hill from the account.
I just like to change the pin number to my birthday.
Yes, I'll hold.
I'm sorry you had to hear that, Bobby.
Your mother's a good woman.
She's just not a good woman with money.
Hell, I just hope she doesn't lose that second thousand dollars.
What?
I'm sure she won't.
It's just that running a fake gambling parlor out of the Econo Suites is not as easy as it sounds.
You've got racist estate, odds to rig a lot of money to keep track of.
But if anyone can do it, it's mom.
Oh, God.
It's good there's plenty more where that came from.
R.J.
Dobbs.
That pays four to one.
Well, how much should I bet?
10?
Should I get 15?
Looks like they're ready to go!
Well, you came with eight and you've doubled it.
Why not bet all 16 large?
Last call for bets, sir.
Hmm.
Well, I could bet it all and win 64,000.
Yeah, on the other hand, I could just take my money and walk out of here.
But, but you're going to win.
I promise.
Yeah, but I don't know.
It somehow just seems greedy.
It just seems greedy.
Goodbye, Peggy.
Thank you so much.
Thanks for all of this money.
And RJ Dobbs Aloyses.
He didn't place the bet.
What are we gonna do, Peggy?
He took all our money.
Peggy!
Bobby told me everything.
Oh, hey.
I don't know how he did it, but Visosa saw right through our scale.
All the money is gone.
I should have listened to you, but I didn't.
While you were talking, I was humming a song inside my head just waiting for you to stop.
I've ruined the rest of our lives.
And my Sosa's up in room 27, laughing at us.
No, he's laughing at you.
He doesn't know I'm coming.
Open up, my Sosa.
This is Hank Hill.
I want my wife's money back.
I'm not messing around here.
Now, you open this door right now.
You hear me?
I'm not fooling.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Oh, is your first time in a hotel room?
Go ahead.
Take the Bible.
It's got to be here somewhere.
Nothing.
If you don't want to do this the easy way, fine.
I'll just call the cops.
And tell them what?
That your wife was running a fraudulent betting parlor?
That's right, Mr. Hill.
Ain't nothing you can do.
Look, you married a fool.
Now, unless you're interested in losing up to 30 pounds... No.
My room safe is gone.
This is Econosweets.
We don't have room safes.
What?
Thanks, Boothower.
I knew I could count on you not to talk.
Yo, man.
Ah, yeah.
Give me them bad boys.
Well, I got a hand it to you.
You made me look like a jackass.
But you got everyone's money back.
Mom, I know a magician's not supposed to reveal it.
Here's how I did it.
I knew Visosa was too smart for a straight-up con, but that overconfidence would prove to be his fatal flaw.
I ran an obvious bad con to distract him from my secret, brilliant con.
But there was one thing I was missing.
A bellowing dupe whose incessant need to rescue his helpless wife would drive Visosa to stash all his money in his room safe.
Luckily, I had you, Hank.
Thanks to you, Bobby.
Okay, okay, so I doubted you like you thought I would.
But what if I didn't?
What if I'd believed in you?
Then where would we be, huh?
I covered that base, too.
By Zosa Valley Parked his car.
So?
The Econosweets doesn't have valet parking.
Oh, you were gonna steal his car.
That would have been a felony.
But that other stuff, that's genius.
Yep.
There is one thing Bizosa never counted on.
Dr. Peggy Hill.
Oh!
She pulled the thumb off!
Call a doctor!
