Here they collect us.
And now you can start.
Go with God.
Even in a wedding dress, Monsignor Martinez likes hat.
Oh, that is one sexy priest.
Este sábado, Eduardo Felipe, su mismo, va a parecer en persona en Arlentejas.
Oh, my God.
The actor who plays Monsignor Martinez Eduardo Felipe is coming to Arlen.
We have to go, Shuggs.
I bet he's even swore that you're in person.
I have been using videotapes of the show as a teaching tool in my Spanish class.
I bet I could get the actor to show up and be a guest speaker.
I would love to see the full-time teacher Mrs. Pratt try to follow me after that.
I am very excited to be in our land to promote the new episodes of my show.
This will be our eleventh season.
I can't believe it's really here.
Hey, could you say Viacon Dio's for me?
Next.
Hola, my name is Peggy Hill, and I am the three-time winner of the Substitute Teacher Award at Tom Landry Middle School.
Well, maybe I should be asking for your autograph.
Oh, no.
Senor Felipe.
My students and I love your show, and I was wondering if you could come to my Spanish class as a special guest.
I'm sorry, Senora, but I have a rule about special appearances.
I do them only for my charity work with the sick children, or for paid vacations on the cruise ships.
Dad, I accidentally used your toothbrush again.
Throw it out.
I got freaking Monsignor Martinez and he is coming to my classroom tomorrow.
Really?
Wow.
Can I come meet him?
You bet you can, but you have to pretend to be a sick child.
What?
The man only does guest appearances for sick children, so what?
Peggy, the boy ain't right, but he's not sick.
Can I be in a bubble?
Who is excited about watching this week's episode of Monsignor Martinez?
Pare, senora.
If you put that tape in, it will explode.
The real Monsignor Martinez!
Senor, this is the sick boy I was telling you about.
He cannot talk.
Be brave, little soldier.
From now on, you will be in the prayers of Monsignor Martinez.
Senor, he should not be out of his bubble for too long.
If the moment is truthful, then stabbing to death El Hefe with an icicle will come almost without conscious effort.
Okay kids, I'm afraid that is all the time we have with our very special guests.
In Espanol.
The pleasure was all mine.
Sometimes I forget we have many young viewers.
We should probably do more episodes like the one about the monkey who smuggled the cocaine under his little hat.
Senora, I am about to have some lunch.
Please, join me.
I noticed you have the same passion for teaching that I have for acting.
Gracias!
Hey!
See Viacom Dias, dude!
Hey!
Hey!
Do not look over.
We'll only encourage them.
Viacom Dias, you pant load!
Uh, Senora Hill, I have two children who are about to take entrance exams to private high school in America.
A teacher like yourself with your passion could help them pass such a test.
Would you be interested in coming to Mexico to tutor my children?
Really?
I can see I have surprised you with my offer.
I will give you a day to think about it.
Talk it over with the loved ones.
Ugh, senor.
I have something to confess.
That boy in my classroom was not sick at all.
Actually, that boy is my healthy son, Bobby.
Senora Hill, I am an actor.
I could tell right away that he was not sick.
I do not mean to be unkind, but your son gave a terrible performance.
Yes, he was terrible, wasn't he?
Ah, yes.
But not as terrible as this fish.
Wager!
Mike, are you going to the propane convention in Alberta?
There's a propane convention in Alberta?
It's exciting, isn't it?
Oh, but you'll be so far away in Canada.
Well, yeah, but no distance is too great when it comes to propane.
And I would have no problem with you going to that convention, even if it's for two weeks.
I don't see why you would.
Hank, there is no propane convention in Alberta.
What?
But I have been offered a job in Mexico.
The actor who plays Monsignor Martinez wants me to go to Mexico and be a private tutor for his children.
It'll only be for two weeks.
No way, Peggy.
You only know this guy through the television.
Oh, Hank, can't you see what an incredible opportunity this is for me?
This is a real double whammy for me, Peggy.
You want to leave and there's no propane convention.
But if it means that much to you, I guess you should give this guy a call and tell him yes.
Thank you, Michael.
Luanne, I want you to look after Bobby and Hank while I'm gone.
I would have had you practice with an egg first, but there's no time.
You're trusting me?
I will do.
Such a good job being you that you will not even know that you're gone.
Well, I guess I should get going.
Well, this is going to be the first time we'll be apart for more than a couple of days.
Yeah.
Uh, Peggy, remember to take your glasses off before you take a nap on the plane.
I will, Hank.
Peggy, not in the airport.
I trust your flight was good.
You know, I've never flown first class before.
My husband says, coach is just as good.
You get there at the same time.
Yes, yes.
People who have never flown first class always say that.
Ah, Senora Hill, niece are my children, your students.
Antonio and Cristina.
Hola, Senora Hill.
Hola.
Senora, you have had a long flight.
May I suggest you start fresh mañana?
Oh, mañana, yes, of course.
Let me show you around.
Mi casa es tu casa.
Senora Hill acting is not my only passion.
I have another, making homemade wine.
I too have another passion.
Boggle.
It is good to have many passions, yes?
I have always said... These blackouts happen all the time in Mexico.
One of my children was conceived in such a blackout.
Oh!
Would you like to taste my homemade wine, Senora Hill?
Well, you have the most spectacular sunsets in Mexico.
Yes, it is the pollution.
My wife and I used to sit out here every night and watch the sun sink behind the city.
If it's not too personal a question, where is your wife?
She is, uh, how you say, with our ancestors.
Oh, I am so sorry.
I miss her very much.
The heart can get lonely.
More wine?
More wine?
Well, who could say no to a glass of homemade Mexican wine?
This is actually pretty good, Luanne.
I got the recipe from Redbook, which is actually a magazine.
Well, I'm done.
See ya.
See ya.
Oh, wait.
I think you're supposed to excuse yourself from the table properly.
Sit down, please.
May I be excused from the table?
Yes, you may.
He's a lovely boy.
Who?
Bobby?
We do not answer the phone during dinner hour.
Yes, we do.
Hello.
Hi, honey, it's me.
Oh, how's the new job going?
Oh, it's great.
Senor Phillip, they took me on a tour of his mansion.
He showed me his private gym and wine cellar, and I tasted some of his homemade wine.
Oh, that sounds unnecessary.
Oh, he was just being courtly.
He's Latin.
That's what they do.
They are courtly.
Oh, hike.
You know, I should get some sleep.
I start teaching tomorrow.
Love you.
Uh, back at you.
Hmm.
My children have promised me that they will listen to your every word as if you were their mother.
For you, Senora Hill.
Oh, a mango.
One of the passion fruits.
Gracias, senor.
Ah, it's from the children.
Oh, right, uh-huh.
The children.
Gribble residence.
Hansy, it's Peggy.
Eduardo is flirting with me big time.
I think he is coming on to me.
Are you sure?
Uh-huh.
He used the familiar Tukasa instead of Tsukasa.
We drank wine on a balcony and watched the sunset.
Where's the wife?
Dead.
Perfect.
Did you flirt back?
I do not know.
Did you blush and giggle a lot when he talked?
Oh, I might have blushed and giggled once or twice.
Congratulations, Shaggy.
We're flirting.
But I gotta warn you.
Don't enjoy it too much, because there's this moment where there is no turning back.
All of a sudden you can't remember your husband's name.
Your body goes limp, and then you were pulled down by the undertow of passion.
You're drowned in sugar, but you don't care.
I will never drown, because I am wearing the best life preserver there is.
My marriage to Hank.
Magarita.
I want you, Magarita.
I want you like I've wanted no other woman.
And I am afraid you cannot have me, Eduardo.
For I have given my heart to another.
Hank Hill.
Oh, I hate this Hank Hill for stealing your heart.
Please, I must have you now, or I will throw myself off this cliff.
I must refuse your advances for the second time.
Eduardo!
No!
Think of the children!
What is the capital of Oregon?
Senora Hill, what is the capital of Oregon?
Huh?
Portland.
No, no, Salem.
Are you sure, Senora?
Who's the American here?
Hey, Luan, did you buy any beer?
I know you wanted me to get a case of beer, but it's not very healthy.
So I got a case of V8 juice instead.
But it's my week to bring the beer out to the alley.
Uncle Hank, VHS has eight vitamins.
Beer has one.
Barley.
So Peggy phoned Nancy last night and apparently this Eduardo fell as real sweet on Peggy.
What?
Dale, I think Nancy must have had a bad connection or something because I talked to Peggy and she said that Eduardo was just being courtly.
No.
Don't surprise me.
Peggy's a very beautiful woman.
Shut up, Bill.
Why?
Don't you think Peggy is beautiful, Hank?
Of course I do.
I just don't feel the need to say it is all.
And that is why it is called Pittsburgh.
Ah, senora.
Senora, I need your help in running some lines.
Okay, you are the ambassador's beautiful daughter who speaks no Spanish.
We hide in the drug lord's greenhouse.
It is hot, very, very hot and also very dangerous.
You must stand close.
Oh, well, it is how people would stand in a hot, dangerous greenhouse.
The one thing more dangerous than my enemies is your beauty.
Hold me tight.
I so greatly fear these enemies who threaten us.
Hush, Rebecca!
I believe my enemies are coming.
And I also believe that I am falling in love with you.
Oh, God!
That is good dialogue.
I need an Agua de Fertis break.
Uncle Hank, we need to have a serious talk about Bobby.
No, we don't.
Now, Bobby's at an age where we should be giving him his sex talk.
Luan, stop trying to be your Aunt Peggy.
You're no Peggy.
You're fired.
Well, I'm glad you're firing me.
Because being Aunt Peggy is the most thankless job I've ever had.
No wonder she ran away to Mexico.
Hey!
I'm sorry, I frightened you, Senor Philippe.
You did not frighten me.
We need to talk.
Excuse me, Magarita, but those must be the roses I had delivered.
Roses?
I know this is not what I brought you up here for, but would you mind getting the roses and bringing them to my bedroom?
See?
Could you place the roses on the bed?
Maybe spread the petals around.
It needs a woman's touch, yes?
Look, Senor, we really need to talk.
Yes, I remember, but I need a moment to prepare myself and then I will give you my full attentions.
He wants to kiss me much!
Okay, soon you are going to be face to face with a naked, wet, Latin television star.
All right?
Then what, Peggy, huh?
You'll forget.
What's his name?
Oh, God.
What is his name?
Hank!
Hank, y'all.
No, no, no.
I will not give that man the thrill of me seeing him naked.
No.
Hey!
Senora Hill, what in God's name are you doing?
Stop playing coy with me, Eduardo.
I must insist that you leave, Senora.
All right, I am not leaving until you wrap this towel around you and you listen to what I have to say.
Senor Philippe, I understand that my being an American woman may seem exotic.
Ah, my wife has come home early.
What?
Your wife?
What do I do?
What do I do?
I will go down to greet her.
Yes!
Yes, that's good!
Go, go, go, go!
The roses!
Senora Hill, where are the roses?
Don't worry, I took care of them.
Now where is your wife?
Uh, Senora Hill, this is my wife, Maria.
Hola.
I-I thought you were dead.
No.
I was with my ancestors.
No, not my ancestors.
My, uh... Ah, como se dice, my grandparents.
Yes, yes, I told her this.
Senora Philippa, I just want you to know that nothing happened between us.
Even though I was flattered by your husband's advances, I am a happily married woman.
I am so sorry, but I will not be able to satisfy your lust for me.
Oh, wait, wait.
I am sorry.
I'm not sure I understand.
You... You thought I wanted you as a lover?
Well, yes.
We couldn't have been more obvious.
The mongo, the roses.
The roses were a surprise for my wife.
Well, of course you would say that in front of her.
But you cannot deny your constant flirting with me.
I mean the wine, the familiar use of two instead of Sue.
I was just being a good host.
Senora, I am sorry, but I do not desire you in that way at all.
You are, how you say, um, old.
Old?
I am not old.
I am only 41.
Oh no, I've done it again.
Anyway, I would never, never, never take you as a lover.
I got it.
Oh, this is so embarrassing.
Ah, yes, it's quite comical.
Look, my wife finds it comical as well.
I'm sorry.
Hello, Strickland propane.
Hi, Hank.
It's me.
I just thought you would like to know that I'm coming home tomorrow.
Turns out my students were really fast learners.
Well, uh, I'm glad you're coming back.
It's not the same without you.
Uh, miss you.
My flight number is Mexicana Airlines 710.
Okay, bye!
I have contacted another teacher for your children.
Her name is Sandra Morgan.
She's 61 years old.
She is old.
Well then, vaya con Dios.
I meant that as myself, not as, you know, the character.
No!
Welcome home to Texas, Peggy.
Where is the truck?
Oh no, what's this on the floor?
Hank, I have been on a plane all night.
Whatever is on the floor, I will pick it up in the morning.
Hey, looks like chocolates.
And, uh, wow, they're, uh, kisses.
Did you do this?
Yeah, I got it from the Red Book.
Hey, I wonder where they go.
Do they lead to our bed?
Maybe.
They don't lead to the bed.
Nope.
Keep going.
To the bathroom?
Okay.
The tub.
Hank, did you buy scented candles?
I am tired and I give up.
What am I looking for?
His and her sinks.
Well, that's yours right there.
Turn on the tap.
Give it a try.
You don't like it.
I love it.
You know how you always complained that I was shaving and leaving hairs in the sink?
Well, Joe Jack heard about this plumber that was going out of business.
I can't believe it's really him!
