Now that's one heck of a shoot tree, Hank.
Yep, Peggy's birthday is coming up and she was hinting that she wanted something for in the bedroom.
Bobby, get out of the street!
Hey, get out of the road!
Bobby, I can't have you disco dancing in the alley.
People are going to think we didn't teach you shame, and I know we have.
What is this garbage?
It's Pimp Franklin and he does need your respect, Dad.
He don't pay no man, no mind.
Get in the truck, son.
When I was your age, we had these things called songs.
They were two-minute stories about people falling in love or burning down Georgia.
But I guess Hollywood decided we needed more criminals yelling about their lady friend's baby place.
Did you pick out your new album?
Whoa, red flag, Bobby.
I have been advised to listen to this record.
They put that sticker on everything.
It's part of the artwork.
It entices.
Excuse me, I need to use this parental listening booth to screen my son's music.
That's a great album.
Put it back.
This one too.
The four scores.
Huh.
It kind of sounds like the Beatles before they went nuts in India.
It's not the four scores, Dad.
It's four score!
There's Chris, Calvin, Cool Chris, and Todd.
Hey, I like this.
It's kind of like doo-wop.
This is the kind of music you should be listening to.
Yeah, uh, I heard this new band they got out for score.
You don't want a little boy band, man.
Don't want to press around a little bit.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
It's not like I'm listening to them.
You know, it's just good music for the kids.
If your kids like listening to Castrati.
But they are a nice wholesome group.
Of Castrati, yes.
And we can agree their music isn't all that bad.
Maybe even okay.
Okay, if you're a prepubescent girl.
Are you one of those, Hank, huh?
A prepubescent girl?
Would a prepubescent girl be able to kick your ass?
Probably.
Dad, Fourscore just released a block of tickets for their show in Houston.
But I thought they were all sold out.
That's just so... Wow.
I'm just so happy for you and your friends.
Hey Connie, hey blonde girl.
This is Jordan, my steady buddy from the Frontier Learning Center.
And this is Bobby.
It's nice to meet you, Jordan.
Sorry, I just got my braces.
I'm still a little chumpy.
I already got smacked in the lip with a volleyball.
I got stitches.
Do you want to see?
Yes, I do.
That's disgusting.
Okay, ranking in order of sexiness, ignoring their brutal slaughter of Texans at the Alamo, I say it goes, Martin Perfecto DeCos, Antonio Lopez de Santa Ana, and Don Jose Herrera.
Why don't we make this a tad more fun?
Let's rank the men on our street.
Well, I don't normally go for the white meat, but number one is obvious.
That boom-hauer has one tight little fad.
Well, I think Dale a second.
Dale?
He is unbelievably limber.
Well, my con definitely tied for seconds.
He has big ass pompadour and his stomach is ripped.
And then I guess his second tier is Hank and Bill.
Excuse me?
You think Hank is on the same tier as Bill Dotarive?
Well, don't get all worked up, Shug.
We're ranking by sexy.
Hank's a good man, but he's too uptight to be sexy.
I will have you know that in the 20 years we have been married, Hank has never once forgotten my birthday or did it late on a mortgage payment.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, that's real sexy, Sherg.
You obviously didn't find Dale real sexy for the 15 years you were cheating on him with John Redcorn.
Oh, Lordy, we forgot John Redcorn.
Oh!
OK, so it goes John Redcorn.
Boom, how I can in a Dale.
Then Bill and Hank.
Or Hank and Bill.
It doesn't really matter, whichever.
I read a rumor on the internet that Chris frosted his bangs.
Dang internet.
They don't care whose life they're ruin.
Dad, I'm thinking about asking Jordan to dance.
When?
How?
What song?
Help me, I'm in over my head.
Well son, just look her in the eye and say, would you care to dance?
In my experience, women really respond to formality.
Grab your tickets out.
Sir, the parents section is in the sky box.
Uh, I came to see the show.
Trust me, sir.
You want to be in the parent section as a boy band.
Yeah!
Hey, that's Todd.
In heaven, there sure is some good old fashioned music.
Todd, what are you doing?
Hey, hey, hey!
Would you care to dance?
Sure.
I mean, if you want to.
Oh, you go to the learning center.
You must be crazy good at math.
Yeah, I'm intrigued.
Hey, what about you?
My math is just called math.
Dad, look!
It worked!
We're dancing!
What?
Stop that!
Dad, what are you doing?
Let me go!
Hey guys, how's the concert?
It was a disaster.
I was fast dancing with a pretty girl to one of my favorite songs, and dad ripped us apart.
Hank Hill, are you so uptight you won't even let your own son dance with a girl?
They weren't dancing like you and I dance.
They were enjoying it.
Lord, everything now is sex, sex, sex.
It wasn't like this when I was growing up.
What is going on with our children?
Yes, exactly.
Do you see the way the little girls are dressing, walking around in their tiny shirts, everything right out on display?
Where is the mystery?
And we wonder why men don't respect us.
I can't picture this horrible, awful dancing.
Maybe I need for you to show me.
Well, alright, but this is for informational purposes only.
What the heck are they doing?
Then there was this god-awful hip shaking.
It was like those lizards we saw on the Discovery Channel.
Bobby, congratulations.
Cleaning out your brain is now my number one chore.
What are you doing with the Dean people, Dad?
I'm making a time capsule.
This box is not to be opened until you are 16.
Good Lord, what is this smut you're listening to?
It's not smut.
It's Radio Disney.
nudity.
Okay then, have fun.
Yep, kids are growing up way too fast and we have no one to blame but the dairy council.
They're shooting our milk up with hormones.
Your Christina Aguileras and your Shakiras are their prototypes.
Nice to see you again, Jordan.
Dance with you.
I'd love to.
Mean, come quick!
Redneck boy getting busy with long clippings!
Bobby!
I'm gonna show Bobby that teens can have fun without dancing like sex perverts.
Huh?
Alright, you are making Bill look like Pierce Brosnan.
Hi, my name is Howard Bronson, Jordan's father.
I was wondering if you'd mind coming over so we can discuss the little problem that happened the other night.
About the other night, Mr. Bronson and Mrs. Hilgren Bronson, I take full responsibility for what happened.
I'm glad you admit you overreacted.
You got a little paternal and ruined the kid's night.
What?
I don't think you understand what the problem was, Mr. Bronson.
Please call me McBee.
Would you like an apple martini?
Oh, well that would be lovely.
We used to be disciplinarians, but every time we made some rule or set some limit, we just start laughing.
I mean, who are we kidding?
Hair or the dog?
Oh!
Ah, you're in for a treat.
My son makes the best teenies.
Peggy, call the police.
Michael, I'd like you to meet the Hills.
Call them Hank and Peggy.
By the way, love the glasses on you two.
Totally geek chic.
Sup.
Hey, McBee.
You missed a hell of a party last night.
Junior and Ray Ray say what's up.
Ooh, I love Ray Ray.
Where were you, man?
Hey, someone's gotta work around here.
Sure ain't gonna be me.
You know, you really could wear a shirt like McBee's.
We prefer it if Michael drinks at home where we know he's safe.
And when he gets really buzzed, you should see him play Pictionary.
It's a riot.
You know, it's not too late for you to have this kind of relationship with Bobby.
Yes it is.
Hank, all you gotta do is be Bobby's friend.
If not, who is he gonna turn to when he's in trouble?
He won't even need to turn.
We'll be right there, bam, in his face with a brick wall of rules, limitations, and discipline.
My parents were a wall.
I want to be a door that leads to a world of experiences.
Well, what kind of... You know, I think we are all saying the same thing here.
No, we're not.
Nothing they say makes any sense.
Look, the kids really like each other.
I know.
Why don't we all take them out together?
Hey, there's a great... I'm picking the place.
This place is so uncool.
Jen and Tad freakin' Shaw, get down!
Nancy?
McBee?
What are you doing in an ice cream parlor?
You weren't just here so Tad can use the toilet.
Go ahead, honey.
Our kids are on a date.
We're chaperoning.
Chaperoning.
Nice job, Ronald Reagan.
Hey, don't call me that.
Yeah, don't call him that.
Oh, this must be so humiliating for Jordan.
My Serena's getting ready for her limo ride with her high school friends, sophomores.
We were saving up to rent Jordan a limo for her birthday, but she thought it was a little played out.
She wants a slumber party.
A slumber party.
Good old fashioned favorite.
With all the girls and boys in her class.
That's very progressive.
I think maybe we'll let Serena go.
Well, that was so exciting.
I did not know what was going to come next.
I know Jordan would love it if Bobby could come to her slumber party.
We'll be serving tapas.
No.
No goddamn way is he going to that party.
Oh, come on, Hank.
The Bronsons will be there, and this is Bobby's chance to hang out with the cool kids from the Learning Center.
It would be more like an overnight study session.
Nice one, Mom.
No.
Did you even see how cool those other parents were?
Huh?
They look like Chandler and Monica.
And look at us.
Andy Griffith and Aunt Freakin' B. And it's all your fault.
I cannot believe you're not letting him go.
We never get to have any fun when you're around.
We hate you!
Yeah!
Happy birthday, Jordan.
I'm sorry I can't come to your party, but you know how it is with parents.
Oh, wait.
You don't, because yours are fun.
Bye.
Yeah, I treat you so bad with all the food I give you and the roof I put over your head so nicely.
I wish I could drive you, Bobby.
But you know, you really don't need anyone to drive you, since it's only four stops on the number two bus, which leaves at 712, 718, and 740.
Oh?
Ho, ho, ho, wait.
Boys and girls are sleeping in the same room.
You got the little blueprints?
I love those!
Oh, man.
It's Serena Shaw from Frontier.
Hey, Connie.
Nice necklace.
Wow.
Thanks.
You can have it.
And, uh, you are?
Bobby Hill.
Oh, Jordan's new friend.
Well, I'll make sure you and Jordan have a lot of fun tonight.
I'm a good kid!
Okay, we're off to the movies.
Don't worry, we'll be back late.
Uh, we'll make sure to honk so we don't interrupt anything.
You're the coolest, McBee.
Okay, the game is called Seven Minutes in Heaven.
The closet will be heaven, I will be God.
Someone, grab a timer.
Oh, my God, they're really leaving.
Is there a phone number where we can reach you?
How long have they been in there?
Four minutes.
I hope they have enough air.
I don't hear the sounds of Exocet.
Dude, lick your hand and spank her!
Do you have enough air?
I wanna go home.
Alright, who's next?
Who's ready for some contact?
Interesting, the birthday girl.
Looks like Jordan is getting her first birthday present from Bobby Hill.
Um... Bobby and I just met each other.
If we move too fast, isn't it gonna ruin it?
I mean, we haven't even talked online yet.
I like him.
At least I think I like him.
I know he can freak and he likes ice cream.
I don't know if that's enough.
Well, you've got seven minutes to get to know him.
Bobby I rented a square dance video and we're gonna watch it as a family Bobby You sure have a lot of coats.
I know let's look in all the pockets.
Come on Bobby.
We don't have much time.
I
Do you got any pets?
An old dog.
What's your favorite food?
Pork pockets?
Ham or pepperoni?
Oh, that's it, Tuffy.
I gotta think about it.
Bobby!
Ham!
No!
Pepperoni!
No!
Ham!
There.
I like you.
Throw out some clothes!
I've got a sock.
That's as far as I'm willing to go.
A sock?
Are you crazy?
A sock isn't good enough.
Oh, thank God.
You are busted, mister.
I don't know what you're wooing for.
You're all busted.
Where are the Bronsons?
They went to the movies.
When did your parents say they were going to be back?
45 minutes.
You guys got a game shelf?
While we're waiting for your parents to get here, we're going to play a little game I used to play when I was your age.
No way am I playing Pin the Tail on the Donkey.
This is the saddest party that I've ever been to.
Well, I think we have our first contestant.
No!
What are you doing?
Wait, you... Wait, why are you guys...
I can't believe Hank Hill's so uptight he ruined little girl's birthday party.
Thank god he showed up when he did or I might be stuck in a closet right now getting felt up by Clark Peters.
What?
That little booger nose creep?
So, Hank really came in here and took control, huh?
He crack a whip.
He really is sorta sweet with the kids.
Just like a big ol' gummy bear.
Alright, I'm comin' around.
Hank Hill, pretty sexy.
Yeah, but not as sexy as boom-how-a.
Mmm.
That boom-how-er.
How much longer do we have to stay?
We can leave as soon as the blacksmith finishes my belt buckle.
So, um, in the closet, I was gonna kiss you, obviously.
But my dang dad came in and, uh, put a damper on my situation.
So I'm just...
Uh-uh, none of that.
Yes, sir.
Nope, nope, none of the... Well, I guess that's okay.
Animals!
In heaven.
Hey, that's Todd.
