I am not looking forward to work today.
Joe Jack is on some kind of crazy diet, and he keeps asking me how his jeans are fitting.
Hello, office slaves!
Hello!
My boss is letting me telecommute.
You know what that word means, stupid hillbillies?
It's English for work from home.
Look at me.
A bathrobe.
Already dressed for work.
Well, that's asinine.
Work and home were intended to be enjoyed separately.
I see from your face that you are seething with jello seed.
Well, so long, slaves.
So long.
Oh, pass it to Hernandez.
What are you doing?
Pass it to Hernandez.
The only part of soccer I like is when the announcer yells gold.
Well, then you're going to love this announcer.
He used to make his living blowing up bounce houses.
I will bet you he'll go 15 seconds.
15 seconds?
That's crazy.
I'll take that bet.
What are we betting for?
Hmm.
Bragging rights.
What are bragging rights?
Bragging rights is the sanctioned ability to gloat insufferably, usually for a prescribed period of time.
Seven seconds.
I win.
I am the champion.
I do believe I will exercise my right now.
Oh, oh, you know, I hurt my foot brag dancing.
I think I need some Dr. Shoals.
And David in the IT department is a big time, dumbo, a big time.
If you have nothing else to do, then tell me how coworkers should do their jobs.
Maybe you can help me clean.
My daddy is coming today.
I thought the general wasn't coming until end of the week.
He took control of homeowners association earlier than planned.
It was daddy's first bloodless coup.
He's really mellowing out.
I hope so.
He treats me so bad, man, and in my own house.
Oh, he doesn't mean anything by it.
It's just his way.
Besides, he co-signed our loan, so kinda his house too.
I know.
So is it true Men's Dad used to work for a dictator?
Several dictators.
And then he worked for Pac Bell.
Yes, the General's Taxi.
Do I look okay?
Don't lie to here.
Go home.
Eat some butter.
Welcome, General.
I forgot how handsome you are.
Stand down, descendant of fishermen.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
So, you're good with computers?
Yes!
Then put MP3's in my watch!
I won't talk with you and Frank Sinatra!
Ah, but, uh, well, that's not how it works.
Do it!
Drag and drop!
But I- Drag and drop!
But this watch isn't even digital!
You should have married Pukong Viverad.
He was VP of acquisitions at Ingersoll Rand.
Now he's senior VP.
Daddy, you like teasing Khan too much.
All I'm seeing is you and Kani would have been better off if you married Phukong.
Uh, I wouldn't exist if she married Phukong.
Is that what your dad told you?
You have to help me.
You got any Red Brewster sauce for General?
I forgot you buy some and now he's on a rampage.
I'm not sure what you're asking me for.
Hot sauce!
No!
I have this weird feeling.
I think it's sympathy for Khan.
Yeah.
Who wants a beer?
Me.
Okay, General, got it.
I'm not a man.
But do you want spicy, extra spicy, or one where Rooster look really mad?
Hello?
Is the bar next door any good?
You're pushing the wrong move, bad move.
You better move because I'm rough, I'm tough.
I pop my collar up, creep, puff.
Jump back, back off.
I'm telling you, back off.
Hot danger, hot danger.
Yeah, you're back off.
Oh, you're back off.
Oh, hot danger.
I'm not messing with that guy.
Ted, that was so amazing.
Sometimes I wish guys could have like a friendship marriage.
I did not know you liked karaoke, Con.
Or anything to get away from my father-in-law.
It's terrible at home, Ted.
Anyone ever make you feel like you're less of a man?
Feel.
Con, the wonderful thing about karaoke is it's an emotional outlet, but it still allows us to maintain proper distance.
Please, save it for the stage.
It's cathartic, trust me.
Uh, number 128, I guess.
There's got to be a morning after.
If we can hold on through the night We have a chance to find the sunshine Let's keep on looking for the light But can't you see that morning after
It's waiting right outside the farm Why don't we cross that bridge together And find a place that's safe and warm
No, sorry, gotta go see Father-in-law.
Ah, forget him.
Who wants more con?
Hello, Happy Family.
My condiments so in general it's in everybody's body marries Ah, I was a big hit at the karaoke by a little louse the crowd loved me They even took my picture and put it on the wall of fame Wow dad, that's so cool.
Yeah kind of reminds me of the rebel with shiny shirt and pompadour I met at disco in Laos
Don't be so happy with yourself.
You're just singing someone else's songs.
No skill involved.
Unlike poetry, I shall now recite a poem I wrote while awaiting trial at the Hague.
So much depends upon inhumanity and death.
We must not forget.
Yet we cannot remember.
Death?
Being not proud?
Then who?
So, after you finished your song, did you smash your air guitar?
I'm sorry, Connie.
We must respect our elders and listen to his poem.
Please, General, continue.
I'll tell you later how I jump into the crowd.
That's the way I'd do it.
You'd save a load on a casket, though the cannon might be expensive.
Hello, Hank Hill.
I incidentally got some of your mail.
Hey, I've been waiting for Snap-on to send me their catalog for years.
Yeah, I know.
I've been getting your catalog for years.
I usually throw it out, but today I thought, what the heck?
What has gotten into you, Con?
Ever since I started doing karaoke, nothing bothers me anymore.
Not the general, not you guys, nothing.
Hey, you guys want to come watch me sing?
I'll put you on my guest list.
I'm on a list!
Conn must be really good at this.
I've never seen so many people happy to see him before.
I've heard five people refer to Conn as the morning after guy.
Yeah, he's really popular here.
He is popular with losers.
That make him number one loser.
Steve, good outfit.
Oh, John, your spandale ballet makes me cry.
Bob, your Freddie Mercury are getting much, much better.
Natasha, you got that wrong.
Every step you take, I'll be watching you.
And again, people, if you order the buffalo wings, please wash your hands before touching the songbook.
Hey, MC Guy, turn off words.
I sing without neck tonight.
I see your truly beautiful crowd.
There's got to be a more enough time.
Hey, Khan!
Man, this is my co-worker, David, that I talk about all the time.
Dumbo, nice guy, though.
We actually came out tonight to make fun of you, but man, you're awesome.
Hope to see you back at work sometime.
They should stop forcing you to telecommute.
I'm being forced?
It's all good, it's all good.
Khan's attitude has really changed, Peggy.
He's actually tolerable.
Eh, it will not last.
Sure, Khan is nice when he's successful, but he's a jerk when he fails, and deep down, he thinks he's a failure.
Khan will be a jerk again within the week.
Care to put a little wager on that?
Now hold on, you can't bet on a human being like that, even if it is con.
Oh Hank, this is what mother sunbonding looks like now.
How about we up the ante?
Winner gets reverse bragging rights.
I don't know what that means, but I am in.
It means the loser, you, has to lavish the winner, me, with praise.
Deal.
And when I win, I would like you to refer to me as the boy king.
You were unbelievable last night.
You made the hairs on my back stand on end.
Well, if you like that, you should come see me at karaoke night at Nine Rivers Country Club.
They asked me to perform at their fundraiser to help pay for last fundraiser.
Check it out!
I'm headlining!
Wow.
And look at that, you got top billing over death-proof none?
Yes!
This is going to be a really big show for me.
Even General's coming.
And Min says he won't wait in the car this time.
Well, good for you, Khan.
We're all looking forward to it.
Khan, I need you to come and wash my clothes.
They are taking on the smell of your house.
I'm sorry, General, but I am talking with my friends now.
Why don't you do it yourself?
All right, Con.
Join us for a beer.
I have four recording devices taped to my person for bootlegging Con's performance.
I'm gonna make a killing down at the Laotian Farmers Market.
Con, you perform with such power.
Please tell us about your karaoke strategy.
Hey Karaoke, you must dominate your song.
You must!
I would like to perform.
But we already have a program and an approximate time frame.
No, no, it's fine, Mitchell.
How about this?
I won't do an encore and General can open for me.
You must say to song, I am boss.
I am boss.
Wait, isn't this?
There's got to be a morning after!
No!
That Khan song is stealing Khan's song!
In the world of karaoke, stealing a man's song is like sleeping with his wife and making him listen to it as others watch and cheer.
Why don't we cross the bridge together?
And find a place that's safe and warm.
Welcome.
The gauntlet's been thrown down.
And now for our headlining performer, Kamsupanusin Pong.
I can't believe General stole my song.
The monster.
The worst part is I let him.
I could have gone up on stage and beat him, but it didn't.
I'm worthless.
Amazing.
The general was able to use Marine McGovern as a device of torture.
He's just a jackass.
Forget about him.
Besides, he's not gonna be here forever.
Yeah, he'll eventually go home.
But I'll still be a failure.
No, you won't.
You'll get back on stage and walk this off like an athlete.
that sings.
Come!
I gotta run.
We're witnessing our own VH1 behind the music.
It's just a show until it happens to you.
Dang it.
We gotta do something.
I am testing the microphone.
I am testing the microphone.
Hey, Conn.
Boomhauer had this thing laying around his bedroom.
Come and take a look.
Please, Conn!
You've got a rainbow in your mouth.
Open it for the world!
Okay, Mom.
You only have one more day for Conn to turn back into his old self again.
Oh, he may look like a broken man right now, but that's the final stage before I jerked him.
And when I win, just know I like compliments that are from the neck up.
Thank you very much!
Conn, you're meditating again?
You want to eat?
Just drop food on my face.
Oh, con.
It's not a big deal that daddy did the same song.
So what?
Maybe to you, men.
But it was my song.
Daddy, Khan is hurting.
You have to do something.
Do not interrupt me when Geldorf Mueller is pulling.
It's too bad there is not a world's weakest man because Khan would be unstoppable.
He's my husband and the father to your only granddaughter.
You have to talk to him and make this right.
Please, sit up, son.
I know I've been hard on you, but I just want you to know you are a failure.
You are a loser and nothing.
I am better than you in every way and can crush you whenever the mood strikes me.
Now, if you accept that, because you are Min's husband, I will leave here and let you save face in front of these inconsequential mix of bottom dwellers.
Good enough for me.
Khan, I compliment you on your success in life.
You are married to my daughter, and you have a child which you share with her.
You have achieved things.
I am departing by taxi now.
Well, all right, Con.
It's nice to see you in a good mood again.
You want a beer?
I would love a beer.
An import from my Sub-Zero style refrigerator.
Not domestic swill from here, Billy Cooler.
Well, looks like we got an extra beer.
Yep.
Yep.
So, what do you think of your sandwich, Bobby?
I have never had a better sandwich in all of my life.
It's as if the meat was touched by God.
Yes, I thought it was going to be a good sandwich when I was making it.
How do I look?
Your skin is radiant and your hair is luxurious.
How jealous other boys must be that I have such a perfect mom.
DRAGON DROP!
But I- DRAGON DROP!
