You know what your classic car needs to stand out at the classic car show?
Me spread eagle on your hood.
Pollen ass, huh?
Man, get them dang old thumb prints on them.
They're talking about them Nick Teen Stains too, man.
This car looks like it was made before 1980.
Good eye, Bobby.
When'd you become such a car nut?
Wednesday, when I found out that cars built before 1980 are responsible for most of the pollution in the air.
Sorry, I'm going to have to write you a ticket, Mr. Rumerer.
You have been ticketed by the environmental court, Tom Landry Middle School.
What the... I know!
You should appeal that all the way to the high school.
Joseph issued me one of those yesterday for pouring used motor oil down the kitchen sink.
Fascist.
A de-sale in the garbage.
Oh, yes!
Mom, I'm going to have to write you up for not taking this to an approved battery recycling center.
Two more tickets and I'll get an A in history.
Now what the heck does annoying your mom and boomhauer have to do with history?
Mr. McKay says that history is past, but saving the earth is our present to the future.
Oh.
Bobby, I will have you know that I consider myself to be one of the great environmentalists of my time.
I have a plastic grocery bag filled with plastic grocery bags that I will bring back to the grocery store one day.
Sorry.
Hey, those hobos are going through our garbage again.
Ugh, I accidentally throw away one regulator valve, now we're the talk of the freight yards.
Here's a phone book.
What the... Bobby, shouldn't you be in school?
I am in school.
History with Mr. McKay.
The pizza box is recyclable, the crust is compostable, ew, and the cheese.
Don't get me started on the cheese.
Huh, so you're the Mr. McKay Bobby keeps talking about.
I guess I pictured a woman.
Oh, Bobby's told me a lot about you.
And how you flushed your urine, whether or not you've also left feces.
What?
You discussed this in school?
Look, if you care so much about the environment, why don't you teach these kids about clean, burning, energy-efficient propane?
Clean, burning propane.
That's funny.
See, propane grills just perpetuate the whole culture of backyard barbecues.
Plastic forks, paper plates, meat.
I've sold three grills today using those exact same words, but with a more positive attitude.
Don't worry.
I know where he lives.
There's a summons to appear in the middle school's environmental court.
You can't just put something in a mailbox without a stamp.
That's a federal offence.
Hank, it is no big deal.
I was in and out of court in five minutes.
What?
You actually went?
I work at that school.
I cannot afford to have any blemishes on my record.
Come on, do it for Bobby.
Hank, this could be his first A since he was in the same math class as that Bobby Hall and brought home the wrong report card.
So help me, God.
Hey, this isn't the Bible.
It's a Harry Potter book.
We're not allowed to bring the Bible to school.
If it pleases the court, I will show that my client or dad is not a bad man, just an ignorant man.
Ugh, here we go.
Ignorance, no matter how profound and pathetic, is not an excuse.
Then I would like to change my client's plea to guilty, by reason of insanity.
What?
I'm not insane.
You're witness.
I'm not a lawyer.
I'm just a kid.
But you, sir, disgust me.
All right, that's it.
I do not plead guilty.
We have a dumpster at Strickland Propane, and we fill it with garbage.
That's what it's there for.
This whole thing is ridiculous.
Oh, I'll tell you what's ridiculous.
The city council is considering putting a new landfill in unincorporated Arlen.
Well, what's wrong with the new landfill?
You gotta put the garbage somewhere.
If we put garbage somewhere, soon we'll be putting it everywhere.
Uh, anybody want to sleep in a bed of yucky garbage and drink toxic waste?
No!
Come on, McManerberry used the money they got bearing Houston's garbage to buy those new fire engines.
Who likes fire engines?
But, Dad, if they put this one in, it'll jeopardize an endangered species.
Algistaxifolia!
Itchy algae.
Itchy algae?
Sounds like good riddance to me.
Just because itchy algae isn't cuddly or good for anything, it doesn't mean we should destroy its habitat by draining the quarry.
The quarry?
That's where they're putting the landfill.
I'll throw my insane client on the mercy of the court.
And after the weather, they did a story about a squirrel at water skis.
And I went to bed happy.
Hey, I just remembered that I left my workbench in your basement, Dale.
Three of us ought to be able to carry it.
Yo, man.
No, no.
Bill Dale and I can handle it.
Thanks anyway.
Let's go, Bill and Dale.
Okay.
I know we agreed never to speak of this again, but they're gonna drain the quarry.
If they drain the quarry, Boom Howard will find out what happened to... Sally!
No, no, no!
We agreed never to speak of that day again.
I remember.
Believe me.
I remember.
No, I wish Boom Howard let us ride in his car.
How could we be wild and crazy guys if we're stuck standing around all the time?
Wait a second, kid Adonumite has got it.
Why don't we take Boomhauer's car for Joyride?
Joyride?
That sounds fun.
And you know what would be even more fun?
If after we drive it, we fill it with gas, so the next time Boomhauer uses it, he's like, how'd that happen?
Ooh!
Let's go to 31 Flavors and ask for 31 samples.
It's legal and there's nothing they can do about it.
Yeah!
Zingo!
I'll drive.
You can't handle a stick.
Is he gonna strip in the gears, Dale?
Oh, stop!
The lap brake's not working!
Let's watch hit the other pedal!
That was close, but I think I'm okay.
Boomhauer thinks some Yankees came down and stole the car and he's gonna go to his grave thinking that.
Boomhauer's grave?
Are you suggesting we kill Boomhauer?
Well, you're the boss.
We're not killing Boomhauer.
Yeah, but when they drain that quarry, they'll find his car with our Letterman jackets right inside and he'll want to kill us!
He won't find out.
Let's just say Councilman Fred Ebert owes me one.
I voted for him.
I'm leaning back towards killing him.
So you can see, Councilman Everett, this is a far more suitable location for a landfill than the quarry.
Nah, they're using that land to build one of those new multiplexes.
Looks like I'm gonna be out of a job soon, Hank.
What about that gray patch of land over there?
It looks pretty useless.
It would be perfect.
That's the quarry.
So if you stop using newspapers, I can give you a coupon for $20 off your first purchase of a windmill.
I'm sorry I can't help you, Bobby.
I don't use newspapers.
You can cancel my subscription.
I want to be part of the, uh, the solution.
I thought you said tree-huggers like me and Mr. McKay were a bunch of noodle-brained communists.
No, no.
No, no, no.
No.
This is great.
I'm going to get extra credit for bringing you all on board.
We're going to save itchy algae.
Yeah, itchy algae.
Earth first.
Make Mars our bitch.
Woo-hoo!
I thought we were just having a few of your classmates over, not a bunch of... Who are these people?
They're from Mr. McKay's yoga group.
Principal Moss says our class can't get grades for protesting, so all the other kids dropped out.
But don't worry, Dad.
I still care.
I even wrote a slogan.
Drain the quarry.
Dang it, Bobby.
That's exactly what we don't want.
I'm not done.
Drain the quarry.
You'll be sorry.
Oh.
Now that is good.
This is the first time in my life I've gotten you to change your mind about something.
Which one of my arguments did you love the most?
Um, oh, you know, spaceship, Earth, uh, we're all in this together, you know, random acts of, uh, whatnot.
Who wants some of Peggy Hill's rainforest cookies?
They are made with sustainably harvested Brazil nuts.
All profits go to Save the Rainforest.
Mmm.
Uh, are those paper plates?
Yes.
Well, man, they're gonna look like wood stock over here.
Man, ain't no man in a little dank shawna not doing in there, man.
Oh, hey, boom-hour, uh, we're just saving an endangered species.
Go away!
You know, it's she-algae that might... You heard him, meet it!
Man, they don't find, man.
They don't do my grocery shopping, my dang self, man.
Drink the quarry, you'll be sorry.
Drink the quarry, you'll be sorry.
Hank Hill, Strickland, propane.
I am no stranger to city council meetings having supported your anti-skateboarding initiative as well as the neon sign wattage limits.
But today, I present these petitions, signed by 200 citizens against the proposed landfill.
Hank, I understand how you and a fringe minority feel, but that quarry is a festering stinkhole that the Hobos uses a giant toilet.
We're better off without it.
Let's turn trash into cash.
Their slogan's better than our slogan.
Let's put it to a vote.
All in favor?
Then it's settled.
Draining of the quarry will begin tomorrow at 9 a.m.
What are we going to do?
Don't worry, son.
I'll think of something.
I've got it.
We create three new people, Hank Jones, Dale Smith, and Bill Minugian.
When they find our Letterman jackets in the car, those guys take the heat.
Now we're gonna need three dead guys.
The army might have some dead guys.
Why couldn't it have been me and Boomhauer that did something horrible to you guys?
Because Boomhauer's a saint.
Okay, I've got a plan that might actually work.
Dale, we're gonna need your scuba gear.
Why?
Because they can't find Boomhower's car if it's not there.
But it is there.
Maybe we should use Dale's scuba gear to pull the car out.
Now that's a plan, Hank.
Ugh.
Piece of cake.
I found a right between my old lawnmower and what I'm fairly certain is a genuine Egyptian sarcophagus.
Okay, Bill.
Crank her up.
Yup.
Damn it, Dale.
Strange.
Another frogman must have switched the hook after I surfaced.
But why?
My god.
Look at Boom Hauer's car.
At least it won't be too hard to chop it up and bury it.
Look!
Our old letterman's jacket!
You can still see where Dale says towel manager.
Yeah!
Oh, this is nice.
Very nice.
Now, you see what Hank is doing, Darren?
He's blocking the draining equipment with a pile of debris.
He's fighting garbage with garbage.
Good work, Hank.
That's my dad!
Yeah, thanks.
Okay, everybody, let's go get our chains and our bag lunches and meet back at Hank's barricade.
Uh, I should see if my dad wants the peanut butter and lentil sandwich, or the soy eggs and sausage.
What are we gonna do, Hank?
If there's a protest, there will be cops, and if there are cops, they'll try to pin it on me.
And since I did it, they will succeed.
Oh, my God, you know he'll take us down with him.
That does sound like me, Hank.
Pull it together, guys.
I haven't spent all this time acting like an environmental nut job, just so Boomhauer could find out we dumped his car here.
Mr. McKay, may I borrow your cell phone, please?
Yeah, uh... This is unincorporated Arlen.
There might be roaming charges.
I'll pay them!
Yo?
Mr. Boomhauer, it's Bobby Hill.
I found your car, Sally.
Yeah, I think you want to get down to the quarry as fast as you can.
Man, I gotta run, man.
I need you to move the ice cream truck, man.
I can't hear you, Mr. Hill.
Uh, yeah.
Hey, you know, with all that junk sitting here, the quarry already looks like a landfill.
Maybe I should straighten up a bit.
Bill, Dale, help me push that car into the bushes.
Too late!
Okay, everybody, link arms and form a human chain of defiance!
Hi.
Uh, we have to get in here to drain the quarry.
Over our bloody and beaten bodies.
Oh!
Oh, I see.
Well, this is a protest.
Oh, okay, okay.
I hadn't heard anything about it.
You know, new girl at the office, still breaking her in.
Okay, so, uh, I guess I'll go call the cops.
Oh, no.
Oh, go, go, go.
Boom, Howard.
What are you doing here?
I can't believe that Monday's her.
I don't want to see the heaven, man.
Oh, man.
That closure, man.
Oh, boom, Howard.
There's something you need to know.
Uh, I'm sorry.
It was a prank that just got out of hand.
Oh, Hank?
Oh, Hank, man.
Oh my God, it was Hank?
Boom Howard, did you find any other jackets which might prove if Hank had any accomplices?
No accomplices.
Hank committed this tragedy all alone.
How could you, Hank?
Man, I ducked a dang on that old three-faced hank, man.
You don't talk about any good in them little... man, he's down to the heads up, Bobby.
You called boom-hauer on me?
But why?
You acted like an environmental nut job for a week, but why?
Bobby, you've got to believe me.
I didn't mean for you to hear that.
Oh, it's the cops!
Wonderful!
I've always wanted to get arrested for my principles.
Okay, everybody?
Dead weight!
Please lie on your stomach and spread your arms and legs.
Me too?
But, but... I'm not even getting extra credit anymore.
You heard me.
This is crazy.
You can't arrest him.
He's just a misguided seventh grader trying to save some pawn scum.
I'm the one who did something wrong.
I've always been against stealing cars and lying to my son.
And now I've done both.
If anyone should be arrested, it's me.
What do you say we go home, Bobby?
Stop resisting.
On your stomach.
All right, let's take him out of here.
Let's go, pal.
That's it, Dad!
That way!
Boom, Howard!
Go, man.
That's just great.
Hank was our lift.
Hey, if you're taking Bobby, can you take us too?
Man, I tell you what, man, you're that dang old drover here, man.
He don't tell me anything.
He don't drive it back, man.
He's a dang old trader, man.
Oh, what gave us away?
Come on!
Come on!
Come on!
You're flooding it!
Mr. Boomer, can I ask your advice?
Yo.
How long should we stay angry at my dad?
Well, you know, Bobby, I tell him that won't take for me, man.
It don't life too short, man.
He don't want to hold no grudge, man.
I thought maybe he's gonna let little bygones be bygone, man.
Maybe two weeks, I don't know, probably three.
You know, Mr. Boomerower, I can see why my dad is always quoting him.
Man, if my daddy didn't do that, he quoting me.
Goddamn, man.
Maybe just don't make me a one week.
No, no, no.
No.
