If I wasn't stealing so much beer from this place, I'd totally quit.
Yeah, we should build our own Megalo Mart.
Call it, like, Coolo Mart.
That's a good one.
Blue vest incoming.
Who's the lowest?
We're the lowest, Megalo Team.
Exercises, huh?
I gotta tell you norm when megalomark first came to town.
I hated it But I gotta admit I like buying my hammers and pants at the same store so I can see how they look together Glad we won you over Hank since you've been handling our propane I don't have to spend time checking to see if the tanks are really filled.
That's why I call you a full tank Hank Hank Well, that's catchy
No.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
I heard down at the chemical warehouse that Megalomart's taking bids for a rat problem.
Man, that'd be a sweet gig.
I could start paying for Nancy's health insurance instead of just telling Nancy I'm paying for it.
Alright Dale, I can see you need the work and I know the manager at Megalomart, but be careful.
This is a very big client for me.
Alright Hank!
I'm Chuck Manjoni, and at Megalomart, our prices are falling faster than I am!
I just don't know about putting my reputation in the hands of a man I wouldn't lend my mechanical pencil to.
Look, Dale needs this, and if there's one thing Dale can do, it's kill things.
Wait, wait, does Megalomart still have a pet department?
No.
He'll be fine.
Well, I guess he'd do the same for me.
I mean, whenever he prints up that money of his, I'm usually on the hundred-gribble bill.
I don't know how to thank you, Hank.
I'll let the fellas down at shoebox greetings do it for me.
Just thank me by doing a thorough, discreet, professional, quiet, detailed, courteous, efficient job.
I won't let you down.
I'm actually going to spray poison instead of walking around going
So anyway, the rats have chewed through the wires in our security cameras and destroyed several hundred dollars worth of crackers.
Now I don't want to alarm the customer so we gotta keep a low profile.
You won't know I'm here, Gladwell, but the rats that drag their diseased bellies across your merchandise will.
And now the bait.
Hmm.
Rat poison lasagna or rat poison Salisbury steak?
Ah heck, Hank's reputation is on the line.
I'm gonna let this rat have it with both barrels.
Nothing!
What am I doing wrong?
Get it!
Wait, I've encountered a bite pattern like that before, but where?
Hmm, here!
Now, where did I get that?
Hmm, possum, possum, manatee.
Aha!
Of course, jungle country safari.
I'm not looking for a rat at all.
This is art, man.
I told you, we should totally build stage designs for Creed.
Hank, it's going better than I could possibly have expected.
Oh good, did you catch it already?
Not yet, but I'm on the trail.
Remember when you said you hoped I learned my lesson from that run-in with the baboon?
Well, let's just say lesson learned and applied.
Dude!
Oops.
Uh, have you noticed any baboons in the store lately?
From a distance, they may have looked like a large hairy customer with a bright red ass.
Get... $39.99.
That's weird.
I bought this CD for $4.99 at CD Express and I thought it was outrageously overpriced, albeit quite pleasant to make love to.
Yeah, man.
It's real strange.
Sometimes we see things and, like, the prices are totally marked wrong.
And I know I didn't do it.
And I know he didn't do it.
Yeah.
Sometimes in the morning, the Mangione standees were all facing a different direction than they were the night before.
How do you figure that?
Hmm.
You've added a piece to the puzzle.
Now, were the standees moved sloppily as if by monkey or neatly as if by man?
Neatly?
as if by man.
Here's the deal, Gladwell.
This gig may be less of a quote-unquote extermination and more of a quote-unquote murder.
Just tell me you could handle it.
Hank said you were the best.
Hank said that?
I mean, I knew he put in a good word for me, but the best?
All right.
I'll need to spend the night here as my prey seems to be nocturnal in nature.
I don't know, it's against company policy.
I guarantee success by morning or Hank Hill is a braying jackass.
I really think I did the right thing recommending Dale.
Hank, you are distracting my concentration.
I'm trying to teach Bobby how to play Don't Spill the Beans.
Out of beans!
That's six games in a row, Bob.
What?
Now that is impossible.
I've never lost anything six times in a row.
Bobby, open your mouth.
Hill residents, Dale, is that you?
Are you done?
It won't be long now.
I'm working through the night.
You're spending the night in the store?
Is the rat problem that bad?
Rat problem?
Oh, of course.
You still think there's rats here.
Well, don't beat yourself up, Hank.
I did too, until the evidence pointed to baboon.
Baboon?
Dale, don't tell Gladwell there's a baboon.
It's not a baboon.
I know that.
I won't bore you with the details, but bottom line, it's Chuck Mangione.
What?
And I'm gonna flush him out tonight.
And Hank?
Gladwell told me you said I was the best.
I nearly teared up right there in front of him.
No, no, no, no.
Don't worry, I didn't.
Dale, Dale?
You know, I have been thinking about it.
You never should have recommended Dale.
Dale's losing it at Megalo Mart, Nancy.
We need some traps for the rats and a tranquilizer gun for, uh,
Also for the rats.
Hank, he has his whole self-esteem tied up and killing things smaller than he is.
If y'all catch the rat, please put it in his pocket so he thinks he caught it.
Here, everyone put on a jumpsuit.
If Gladwell shows up, we'll look like Dale's crew.
Now remember, find the rat, kill the rat, Pat Dale on the back.
That's where the Kulots are.
Quick!
Hey, breathe!
Existing!
Ha!
Hank!
Give me that!
What are you guys doing here?
And why are you wearing my backup jumpsuit?
And my backup's backups!
Hold on... You're either here to check up on me or goof on me.
Which on me is it?
You think I can't do the job?
We're just here because, well, the truth is, we missed you in the alley, so we put on the jumpsuits to remind us of you.
And next thing you know, here we are.
Well, Wayne, go grab a snack.
I'll 12 and a chair.
I'll 94.
But remember, I'm after big game here.
A breed known as Chuckus Mangionis.
Let's go.
That's crazy.
Come out of there, you dang bead!
You little flapjack!
I knew it!
Nobody beats Peggy Hill six times in a row!
I can't breathe!
Damn, look, a hole.
Rat, rat, there it is, get it.
Oh man, there it is, man.
No, no, it's behind you, man.
Don't spray, man.
Come on, come on.
Get it, man.
Way to go, Dale.
You captured the rat.
Just like a real exterminator.
Boy, Glidewell's gonna... What the hell you had the rat?
Ah, that was one of the ones I released to flush out Manjoni.
His name is Keith.
What?
You're releasing rats in the store?
My reputation is on the line.
Don't worry.
None of my five trained rats will be here when Glidewell comes in.
The mongoose I let out will see to that.
Mongoose?
Okay, I'll tell you what, Dale.
You want to search for Chuck?
You do it by yourself over there.
We'll search for Chuck on our own over here.
Whatever you do, don't get captured.
I will not negotiate with Manjoni.
Yeah, talk about unleashed it in the house, man.
Crossbow armed, and now for the bait.
Shishaw.
Bill?
Boom howler?
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey,
It's got me.
It's got me.
It's got me.
Dang it.
Boom, how are you have one of these at home?
You're supposed to be working.
Oh, god dang old, Gribble's right, man.
It got like dang old little Mangeone coming in and starting to switch.
Man, it's don't look spinning like my head, man.
What are you talking about?
Man, I'm talking about a dang old Chuck Mangeone, man.
I knew it.
Yippee.
I knew he was here.
I felt his presence.
Come on.
There's an easy explanation for this.
You spun yourself too hard.
You got dizzy.
And then you saw one of those stand-up displays of Chuck that are everywhere.
Or Chuck himself.
Me alone!
What did Manjioni do to you?
Nothing.
He was popping me with a wet towel.
Hit the mongoose.
He's headed for my tripwires.
Hit the deck!
They'll... Stop it.
Get up, you guys.
Well, that's the calculated risk you take when you release a mongoose.
That's it.
That is the last straw.
You've gone and turned a simple rat job into one of your crazy conspiracies.
I'm sorry I ever lied to Glidewell for you, Dale.
Lied?
What are you saying?
I promised on my word that Glidewell would have his rat problem taken care of, so I'm gonna call Pest Pro to make sure it's taken care of.
You... you wouldn't, Hank.
You've left me no choice.
Dang it, the phone's dead.
Oh god, the doors are blocked.
Chuck don't want us to leave.
Told you hang.
Look, Dale, I'll admit, something bigger than a rat must have moved those soda machines.
Now come on, help us push them away so we can get out of here.
Yeah, that's exactly what Chuck wants you to do.
The first one to touch those machines will be electrocuted.
Then while the rest of you saps are staring at a charred and twisted bill, Chuck will pounce.
That'll warrant my twisted painful.
Dale, help me out here.
What do you think we should do?
What are you asking me for?
I'm loony.
I'm gonna go find me a chuck.
And if you're lucky, when I check his stomach contents, there won't be pieces of you.
All right, if we're gonna make it through tonight, think, think.
Okay, let's form a back-to-back triangle so no one can sneak up on us.
This is good.
This is good.
If we just keep our wits about us, everything will be fine.
You were supposed to keep your wits about you.
Six beans.
Why don't you go home and get some sleep?
I believe it's your turn, nose boy.
Bail!
Umar!
Chuck?
Gotcha, Mr. Adult Contemporary.
I did it!
I caught Chuck Manzioni!
What in the hell?
Oh, you're just the kids from the music department.
He totally thought we were Chuck Mangione, bro.
We tooled you big time.
Oh, you are such a tool.
I blew it.
All my exterminator's instincts were wrong.
I'm not fit to live on this earth.
Let alone kill the things that live on this earth.
Oh, you know what we should do?
Dude, we should dress him up in ladies lingerie, take him to the photo department, and make him sit on our laps.
Let's just shave his head like we planned.
Come out, come out, wherever you are!
You can run, but you can't hide!
Alright, now who are you?
Take off the mask and quit mocking me!
Ouch!
Watch the lip, man!
It's you.
It's...
Really, you?
So I'm not crazy.
But you are.
You let a mongoose out in the store.
You're living in a toilet paper fort.
Let's agree to disagree.
Chuck, I don't get it.
What are you doing here?
This is a long way from the Merv Griffin show.
When I signed the contract to be the Megalomart spokesman, I didn't read it carefully.
I have to be at every store opening, and they open 400 stores a year.
I haven't had time to record or tour or give my old lady any slow sweet lovin' in years.
So I disappeared to the last place they'd ever look for me.
I've been living here rent-free, eating their Cheerios, playing their video games and trying on their underpants.
Anything to stick it to the man.
You chewed up the security camera wires?
It was necessary so I could come and go as I pleased.
But what about the droppings?
There were droppings all over the place.
Make those megalode chumps.
Pick them up.
They owe me.
Right on.
Keeping it real.
Sure sounds like your friends need you, Dale.
They do, Chuck.
Wait, every aisle has a hollow passage with openings at the discount flags.
Use it.
Look here, I don't know what you two are hopped up on, but it's gonna wear off and you're gonna be very regretful about your actions.
Ah!
Can't breathe!
Gentlemen, the infestation is over, except for the mongoose.
But I'm sure he's found a new home.
Thanks for the recommendation, Hank.
If I'd have called Pest Pro, they would have just sprayed in here, and I'd have some parents of dead teens suing me.
Nice work, Gribble.
Yeah, nice work, Gribble.
Chuck Manzioni in the Magelomart.
Yeah, man, I don't know what the hell, man.
Chuck Manzioni, I'd probably have him in Hollywood right now, man.
Probably have him sticking out of a horn to many drivers, man.
Yeah, my mistake.
Silly me.
Look, it might not have been Chuck Mangione, but he found the pests and took care of the problem.
Dale, I'd recommend you any time.
Sorry I doubted you.
What was that?
Musac.
Just... Musac.
That's where the coolots are.
