I'm getting some nice color.
Look out, Mrs. Hill!
Snake!
Oh, it's a harmless bull snake.
I'd say he... Oh, pardon.
She is about nine months old.
Your mom's, of course, most people's dads.
It's like that book they took out of the school library.
I've got two dads.
No, you don't.
This is Hill.
Tom Landry Middle School needs you, Peggy.
This job's for at least a week, maybe two.
Can you sub for Mrs. Gonzalez?
Gonzalez?
Well, that's Spanish, isn't it?
Yes, it is.
Your best subject.
You'll be fine.
Just... fine.
There's something you're not telling me.
Dang it.
Peggy, I could lose my job.
Dig a May.
I just can't.
But on a completely unrelated subject, hadn't it been a while since your last surprise in-class evaluation?
Well, yes, it has, but tell me what you... Oh... Ms.
Hill, I'm Ms.
Ayers.
I'm here to evaluate you.
Really?
Oh, so I had no idea.
My goodness, an evaluation?
Well, that... imagine.
Yeah.
A substitute.
Attack.
Hi, Mrs. Hill.
Buenos dias, Canzuela.
I have always enjoyed a special relationship with my students.
In fact, one of them reminded me yesterday that I was honored as substitute teacher of the year 1996 through 1997 inclusive.
That's impressive.
So many subs get bullied by their students.
Well, a bully is just someone who victimizes others to make themselves feel important.
Would you like me to repeat that slowly?
Oh no, I'm just penalizing you for starting class late.
You were saying?
Hola.
Me llamo Senora Margarita Hill.
Me llamo Joseph Gremel.
Me llamo Clark Peters.
Muchos gustos Carlos Pedros.
Ay, Macarita.
Vamos a aprender los partes del cuerpo humano.
Por ejemplo, esta es mi mano.
Sí, muy divertido.
No más, OK?
OK.
Bueno, esta es mi cabeza.
¿Quién está tirando los darts de nerf?
Está duro, señor Hill.
Señor Dooley, venga.
Dead.
In Espanol, por favor.
Tu eres muerto.
Muy bien.
Señor Duly, este es mi asistente especial.
Bueno, esta es mi cabeza.
Este es mi pelo.
Mi pelo es castano.
Stop it!
I know what you are doing and just stop it.
in his bunyol porfa vor.
Class A, a canzione!
A canzione, class A, please!
Needs improvement.
I have never needed to improve on anything in my whole life.
This will be in my personnel file forever.
Relax, Peggy.
Everyone has a bad day.
I remember back when I first started at Strickland Propane, there was this guy who had a bad day.
Uh, see, I can't even remember that fellow's name now.
All right, everybody.
Sit down.
On delay.
Aw, I can't say to get this to work.
Okay, we don't have a lot of time for monkey business.
So I think we'll skip attendance today and finish up our vocabulary lesson.
I have had it with you too.
I am a very fun teacher, but I will not be bullied.
Give me your watches.
Come on, give it to me.
I am not joking you two.
I pulled your pants down.
Oh yeah!
Holy crap!
18 years, 18 years of teaching thrown out the window with one flick of the wrist.
Don't panic, Peggy.
There's lots you can do.
I could design software.
People have always said that I could open up a painter-owned pottery store.
You know how much they get for that crap?
Now, slow down, Peggy.
They won't fire you.
You're a substitute teacher.
They'll just stop calling.
But that's not gonna happen either.
Well, maybe it should.
I hit an innocent child.
I'm sure you didn't hurt him.
I should know.
I got spanked plenty in school.
Really?
Well, you turned out just fine.
Better than fine, and back then they even used a puddle called Old Spanky.
It was a piece of hickory about yay big, and it had holes drilled in it to cut down on wind resistance and a little pintar on the handle for a no-slip grip.
Good Old Spanky.
Mom, what were you thinking?
Bobby, honey, I am so sorry.
I just did not know what to do.
Dooley pantsed you.
That's what he does.
And when it happens, you pull up your pants and move on.
If you don't know that, no wonder you bombed on your evaluation.
I never even spank our dog.
Not that your son is worse than our dog, because he's not, and we have a very, very good dog, so that speaks volumes for your son.
Mrs. Hill, please, we should apologize to you.
I'm sure Stuart deserved it.
We know what a handful he can be.
Well, what are you saying?
You did good.
I see.
Teacher's statement.
Respond from the parents.
Okay, looks like all our ducks are in a row.
Peggy, you're fired.
But, but the doolies forgave me.
Hmm, let's see.
There's nothing here about forgiveness.
The procedures for administering legal spankings, which you violated every turn, and their procedures for terminating the teacher, which I followed to a T. Emily!
I'm required to have a home under escort you off campus.
It's over, Mrs. Hill.
I'm sorry, ladies.
Looks like there's not gonna be a three-peat.
Oh, Hank, what am I gonna do?
Well, I got you a book on designing software.
Well, you had it all, Peggy Hill.
Hey there, Ange-Live!
Whatcha cryin' for?
Got your monthlies?
God, I am in no mood.
Why are you here?
VFW meetin' and pancake supper.
So I need you to whip me up some pancakes, couple hundred'll do.
And as much syrup as you got.
Fine, I will go make you two hundred pancakes.
How's Bobby?
He's just fine, but my information about Bobby is a little dated.
He hasn't spoken to me since I got fired for spanking a student.
Fired?
What'd you do, Kenan?
No.
Ain't no longer in spanking.
Tell you what, I got a friend over to the VFW.
Used to principal at Hank's school.
He'll have you back spanking in no time.
Oh, I just want my job back.
I'm not gonna spank again.
Share that before you talk me out of it.
In my 35 years at Tom Landry Middle School, I spanked thousands of students, shaping their character and preparing them to die in wars overseas.
But actually, I only spanked once.
Now she's just being modest.
She's the first teacher since they killed LBJ to stand up to those Grand Dodgers.
All right, Peggy, we're gonna get you back in that classroom.
Step one, you gotta meet the school board.
Oh, Spanky.
Don't take it.
It's yours.
I got nobody to hit anymore.
Thanks for this terrific symbol and for helping me to get my job back.
All right, now let's hear it for Pendleton Piggy.
Take off your job.
Shut up, Wendell.
That's tomorrow night.
Hi, guys.
Hank, I just had the most inspiring afternoon with Cotton and his army buddies.
They're gonna circulate a petition to help me get my job back.
I even have the support of your old principal, Jeter Turbaville.
Jeter the beater?
Oh god, what's that under your arm?
Old spanky.
Can you believe they ever use something like this?
Spanking was wrong then, and it's wrong now.
I'd say spare the rod and spoil the child.
Dale, spare the rod and spoil the child means you're in favor of spanking.
I don't think so.
Man, I tell you what, man, it won't bring back any old bad memories about it.
I don't talk about it.
I'm a jeetered beater, man.
I don't, well, whack, man.
I don't tell them dead pillows, man.
Well, I don't know.
My daddy spanked me every day from when I was nine until I was 16, and I turned out OK.
Mastered
Peggy!
We sure do miss you, Landry.
I'm not a spanker, okay?
But if you can bring discipline back into our school, then I am behind you 100%.
I wish I had the guts you do, sister.
I'm no hero.
Stuart Dooley just caught me on a bad day.
Don't be modest.
You are an inspiration to all of us teachers.
And that's why we signed that petition in support of Paddling Peggy.
Oh, well, that's just those vets being silly.
Here, have a button.
The school board vote on reinstating Mrs. Peggy Hill passes.
Well, I'm off to work, Mrs. Hill.
Me too, Mr. Hill.
Mrs. Hill, why are you bringing the paddle?
Oh, I have to.
People are expecting it.
Besides, your father worked very hard to put Paddlin Peggy back in the classroom.
See, that's the thing.
My dad thinks you're going to use it.
Oh, Hank, don't be silly, honey.
It's just a bluff.
I am going to scare my students exactly the way President Reagan scared hundreds of millions of Russians with his Star Wars death beam.
I miss voting for that man.
Listen, I just want to apologize for what happened the other day.
I will never, ever spank another student like that again.
Because now I have this.
But of course it will not be necessary to use this because, well, now you all know I have it in me.
So why don't we just start all over?
Yo, soy.
Padlin Peggy Hill.
Mm-hmm.
El Capital de Uruguay es Montevideo.
Do you think she's gonna use that paddle?
I don't know, but I'll tell you what.
Uh, excuse me, should you be talking while I am talking?
Padlin Peggy says, uh, oh, Padlin Peggy says, uh, uh, uh.
You gotta do something about mom.
This whole paddling Peggy's stick is really creepy.
Joseph won't even come over to play anymore because he says he's having nightmares about that stupid paddle.
Did you hear that?
My son is dreaming about getting spanked by your wife.
Well, that's not so unusual.
You gotta get your woman in line.
Uh, Peggy's kinda hard to talk to lately.
Well, she's feeling powerful now, so her body is producing extra amounts of testosterone.
I bet if Peggy wanted to, she could grow a mustache.
Of course, I don't know why she'd want to.
Guess who won?
Best French manicure at the beauty academy today.
Dad, can I go ride bikes with Joseph?
I thought we'd watch Shark Week on the Discovery Channel.
Michael Palin is hosting.
I don't want to.
But honey, you love Michael Palin.
Are you coming down with something?
Let me fill your forehead.
I don't want to watch your stupid show, okay?
Bobby!
Well what is wrong with him?
Probably nothing.
Or it could be you and your whooping stick.
It's a paddle and he has a name.
Old Spanky.
Hank, do I tell you how to sell propane and propane accessories?
Did I criticize you for your big spatula Tuesday fiasco?
No, I did not because I respect you as a professional.
And that is all I want, Hank, just a little respect.
But I guess that's too much to ask for from you and Bobby.
All right, it was Sharonna Johnson.
It's not fair.
She works really hard.
Hi, Inc.
Channel 84 wants to do something on Padlin Peggy.
Where is Old Spanky?
Maybe he left her to work.
No, no.
I know I had it with me on the drive home.
I remember brandishing it at this idiot who almost cut me off.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh, I've got to retrace my steps home.
Okay, hub.
I'm driving home.
Brandish, brandish, brandish.
Oh, God, I must have dropped it on the street.
Stop, Peggy.
Would you look at yourself?
Oh, it's Mikey.
Joseph Gribble, did you put this here?
No.
Uh, Joseph, you are talking to Padlin Peggy here.
Alright, what's going on?
Your son stole my Padlin Peggy paddle.
This is the only thing that stands between the Arland school system and complete chaos.
Apologize you!
I didn't do anything.
Alright, I am not all talking of.
You didn't apologize, so you chose your fight.
Somebody stop her!
Peggy, no!
I said I didn't do anything!
He's telling the truth, Mom.
He was with me all day.
Somebody took it.
It was Bill.
No, it wasn't.
All right, it was me.
I took it.
Somebody had to stop you.
You're crazy.
It's okay, son.
Daddy's here.
You big boy.
Oh Hank, what was I thinking?
The important thing is your spanking days are over, right?
Well, so are my teaching days.
At least until the day they make pants that cannot be pulled down by someone other than the wearer.
Sounds to me like you're scared.
You know, I have a little speech I've been saving for the day.
Bobby gets beat up by a bully, but I don't think that's ever going to happen.
Him and his darn prop comedy.
Every time the boy gets into a jam, he shoves French fries up his nose and makes a new friend.
Anyway, I think my speech might apply here.
Do you want to hear it?
Oh, Hank.
No.
You know, somewhere inside me is the old Peggy Hill.
The one who taught children without scaring the bejesus out of them.
I just need to find her again.
And then she freaked out and she dropped a paddle right in the middle of the alley.
And without that paddle, she looked just like Bobby's mom.
That's the bell.
Buenos dias, clase.
Señor Duly, I thought you were suspended.
I thought you were fired.
Bygones are bygones, so welcome back.
Well, I thought we might talk about a special part of Spanish history.
Your feet are big.
Catalan Peggy, why don't you spank them?
Yeah, Paddle and Peggy.
Fine.
All you children are interested in is punishment, so I will teach you about punishment with this.
Spain, 1478.
The weapon of choice, the mace.
It was the beginning of the Spanish Inquisition.
Even though it was begun with the best of intentions, a number of very nice, innocent people were brutally punished.
And without a doubt, the worst thing about the Spanish Inquisition was that nobody ever said they were sorry.
How were they punished?
Oh, all kinds of awful ways.
Like what?
Well, sometimes they would strike you with one of these.
Sometimes they would make you lie on a bed of spikes and then pour boiling oil on you.
And sometimes they would tie your arms and legs to four different horses and tear you apart.
Why I feel like I'm being watched.
Joseph.
Joseph.
Oh, what?
Careful, Joseph.
I'm just here to play with Bobby.
I don't want any trouble.
I could use a little help preparing the soil.
Why don't you spread the mulch?
What's it made out of?
Paddle.
And goat manure.
you
To Eris Muerto.
