And with the promotional discount combined with your auto club discount your refill It says outside that you also on a competitor's coupons.
That is true.
So including that your total is Looks like we owe you three dollars
Sir, this price war is bleeding us dry.
We can't keep selling propane at a loss.
Yeah, well, I ain't never lost a price war and I don't intend to start now.
Passions always run so high around propane expo.
Uh, Joe Jack, give me a hand outside with the sign.
Sure, honey.
What's up?
You're fired.
There.
I just saved us 400 bucks a week.
Wait.
I need this job.
Sorry.
No room in the lifeboat.
Well, I guess that's how shoes get stuck in trees.
And purses.
Hey, baby, dial.
The radio just said Brownsville Station are doing a reunion tour.
Still smoking in the boys' room.
Brownsville Station is your favorite band ever!
They inspired him to play guitar and to smoke.
Let's go to the Agora Theater and get us some tickets.
Can I come?
I don't have shoes.
The station's not about shoes.
They're about rock.
Come on.
Now when Mr. Strickland comes back, he's gonna want the four.
It's our job to say we can't find it.
You know who was a really good liar?
Joe Jack.
He'll be okay.
I got him a job at the propane expo this weekend, you know, to tide him over.
Oh, that's great.
What's he doing?
Uh, he's wearing a sandwich board.
He's gonna be the restroom-arrow guy.
We can't go on like this, Hank.
The more we sell, the more we lose.
The more we lose, the more we sell.
I'm having a panic attack.
Henry, can't get a grip.
Get your heads out of the oven, folks.
I hide those fellas from the American chopper show to make an appearance at the expo.
I love those guys.
The way they fight and build motorcycles.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, right now, they and Dallas building a bike for some billionaire computer geek.
But I convinced them to make a little detour to Arlen.
You take that, you son of a bitch!
I got myself some basic cable TV stars!
Huh, I would've thought big name guests like that would charge an awfully steep appearance fee.
Well, that depends on where $20,000 sits on your steepness radar.
20,000?
Sir, I'm not sure this is the best use of our limited financial resources.
Well, I am.
From now on, whenever people watch American Chopper, they'll think Strickland Propane.
Like whenever I see a blimp, I think of that company.
You know, what is it again?
Anyway, it's called branding.
Ah, you hear that, Father?
Didn't you hear that?
AA1, I'm gonna brand all your asses.
Where are you doing, sitting on your butt?
We gotta get that bike on the floor at a Javits Center by Friday.
I'm reading the magazine.
You stupid, stupid idiot!
I'm not sure these are the guys to be representing Strickland propane.
They seem to fight an awful lot.
Yes, but they are celebrities, Hank.
And studies show that people would rather watch celebrities fight than regular people make love.
Huh.
Well, people at work sure seemed excited about them.
Maybe it'll be okay.
Hey, Pop!
How do I look on this bike?
Now you got something to do, Polly.
Clean that up.
So, Lucky, when do tickets go on sale?
One hour and six days.
That's a long time to stand in line without shoes.
Let's go home and order tickets when they're for sale on the Internet.
You want to get the best seats, don't you?
Well, how can you tell if you're first in line on the Internet?
You can't.
If I'm here, I can see it.
Line starts behind me.
I can't believe the American chopper guys are here in Ireland.
Which Tuttle is your favorite?
Mine's Paul Sr.
He looks like a walrus, but yells like a man.
I'll tell you what, man, that day on Paulie Jr.
's, that guy got a dang ol' show, man.
That Spider-Man bike, man.
I told him I don't have a damn weapon, man.
You know, some believe there was a fourth Tuttle, but he fell into a vat of chrome and was turned into a bitchin' sissy bar.
Well, I guess Buck was right.
Look at all these people.
So Hank, are they bringing a motorcycle made with propane tanks?
One that runs on propane?
Or one that just looks like propane?
I don't know.
Buck handled all the negotiations.
Oh my god, it's the state regulatory commissioner.
Uh, having a good time, commissioner Evers?
I'm not here to have a good time, Hill.
Well, I am.
Damn it, Dale.
You don't mouth off to a commissioner.
They give licenses and they can take them away.
Don't, Walter.
What do you think of your customers going like better?
My boys from American Chopper are your free refrigerator magnets, huh?
Hey, Jerry Sandoval, have some chapstick.
You about to kiss my ass!
afternoon everyone.
I'm Buck Strickland from Strickland Propane and I think I know what you all are here for.
Yeah!
American Chopper rules!
Now let's have a big Strickland Propane welcome for the guys from American Chopper, the two pals and Mikey presented by Strickland Propane!
I love you, Mikey!
Let's hear it for Paulie and Mikey.
And Pop!
Oh, if the crowd is this fired up, just wait till they bring out the bike.
Way to go, Mikey!
Big time!
That's what I'm talking about!
Yes!
Bring out the bike!
Bik!
Bik!
Bik!
Bik!
Bik!
Bik!
Bik!
Bik!
Bik!
Bik!
Hey Strickland, is this all they're gonna do?
Yeah, they don't even have a bike.
I've got magnets!
I'm going over to Thotherton Fuels to get a free pamphlet for Mr. Simber 1978.
Sir, what exactly are they going to do for the next half hour?
I don't really know.
I'm not a fine print kind of guy.
Hey, any of you fellas bring a chopper?
A helmet?
Something?
I wanted to bring a NASCAR bike, but these chuckleheads didn't finish it.
Maybe I could have finished it if you would have stopped asking every five minutes when I was going to finish it.
Okay, no, I'm not starting to get aggravated here.
It bounced off my face!
Hey, fruitcake, that's my boy's hat.
Don't make me come down here and use the size 12 on your face.
Uh, would you join me in the singing of our national anthem?
Yikes.
This is one ugly story about Strickland Propine.
But it does have your name in it, so it's going right in the scrapbook.
We're making those animals at natural gas look like choir boys.
Okay, now let's all calm down.
You're grown men.
Arlen Hospital can't handle two bypasses at once.
Buck, it's the turtles.
They want their parents' fee.
Yeah, come on, Buck.
We got work to do.
You got lucky this time, Satherton.
You're breathing pretty heavy, sir.
I'll handle this.
Could you keep it short, Hank?
I got a job interview on the other line.
This is Hank Hill, assistant manager, and we are not gonna pay you for inciting a riot.
You stupid, stupid idiot!
Oh, God.
No time to pray.
We gotta turn things up a notch.
I'm gonna put on some cologne and renew my acquaintance with Jerry Sanderbaugh's wife.
That'll show him we mean business.
Being boy that day makes me hungry.
Not to worry.
I came prepared.
Let me dip into our provisions.
Could I have a sandwich with something on it besides bread?
Soon, Bobby.
Once people start lining up, we'll be able to trade for anything your heart desires.
Lunchmeat, pickles, Brownsville station bootleg.
Oh, good.
Here's Elvin with our comfort station.
I can't go in a porta-patty.
I'm going to find a lady's room.
Whoa, you can't leave, baby.
No safes.
It's the code of the line.
But I can't hold it for five days.
I have to get going.
I've got homework to do.
Nuh-uh.
You can't go if I can't go.
Hold on, Bobby.
Are you still in school?
Seventh grade.
Then run along, Professor.
What about the code of the line?
The code acknowledges that the children are our future.
I got a call about the sweepstakes.
I'm here to pick up my portable TV.
Over here, Walter.
What?
What's going on?
The sweepstakes was a lie, Walter.
But I did get you each a television.
I had to test drive four minivans just to get them, but it'll be worth it if I can sit the four of you down and get you to stop this insanity.
They started it!
Mr. Strickland, forgive me, but shut up.
You're acting like a baby.
You all are.
You're grown businessmen.
We're only hurting ourselves with this senseless price war.
Why not pool our experience to serve our customers better and stop insulting them by charging less than our product is really worth?
It would be nice to charge enough to at least break even.
Yeah, sure.
But then one of you bastards will undercut me.
That's why we have to stop all this backstabbing.
Now, if you had quit wasting your energy on this price war and pulled together for a change, imagine what you could accomplish.
Buck, I think your boy might be on to something.
Yeah.
When you think about it, I guess we all want the same thing.
Thanks, old top.
We really owe you.
Now, why don't you run out and order some pie and ice cream and such so we can celebrate?
Can do, sir.
So, we all agreed.
We all jack up our prices and we keep them there.
No backstabbing, no competing.
Just like Hank said.
Of course, y'all know this is highly illegal.
We'd better drink on it.
Sure feels good to be back at my old desk with all these new pens.
Yep, things have really turned around since Buck and the others decided to start acting more responsibly.
Hi, yeah.
I went to Pine Creek Propane to sign up for home delivery, but they told me to come over here.
Walter sent you here.
It's all right, Joe Jack.
We're divvying up our accounts by zip code now.
Less time on the road and more time serving the customer.
Hank, we're off to shoot us some white tails and whatever else moves.
Why don't you just lock up to Fort and get a head start on the weekend?
But it's barely 4.30, and it's Thursday.
Who wants to go to the water park?
God, we thank you and your servant Buck Strickland for putting this food on the table.
Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Hill.
If we could have a word, the rest of you can go back to your prayer.
Commissioner Evers?
If I knew you were coming, Bobby, get him a plate.
Oh, my gosh!
Are you here to give Hank some sort of state propane award?
Well, this is a surprise.
I'm here as part of an ongoing investigation against Strickland propane, Pine Creek propane, AA1 propane, and Thaetherton fuels.
What?
What kind of investigation?
It appears your associates, also known as the Heimlich Four, have joined in a criminal conspiracy to engage in price fixing.
Price fixing?
That's crazy!
Under an arrangement masterminded by you.
Not the pile on, but the meat's a little overdone.
All the evidence points to collusion.
Prices rising sharply and in unison, sharing of customers, excessive profits among what used to be fierce competitors.
Commissioner, I swear on my blue flame of valor award, I have no idea what you're talking about.
Don't play dumb.
We know you're the brains behind this whole illegal cartel.
This month's TPGA newsletter, I am happy to have brought these dealers together in a new spirit of cooperation, said Hill.
I ought to pull your hazmat certification right now.
You have to believe me, I never meant to start an illegal cartel.
I love propane, I'd never do anything to hurt it.
And I guess there is something you could do to convince me.
I want you to wear this wire.
Get to Heimlich 4 incriminating themselves on tape.
Do that, and you walk.
What am I gonna do?
I can't wear a wire?
You have to, Hank.
If you don't, they will send you to jail.
The only decision you have to make is whether to shave your chest or your back.
You don't understand.
This is all my fault.
I tempted Buck and the others with no competition and huge profits.
It was like waving a whiskey bottle in front of an alcoholic.
Fine.
It's your decision to make.
But if you do end up going to jail, please do not tell them it was over propane or they will eat you up.
I give you permission to say you murdered me.
Hopefully it won't come to that.
Wait a minute.
Testing, testing one two.
Testing one two.
Hey, maybe we could take the wives to Switzerland for New Years.
You know, do a little skiing, visit our money.
Good morning, Mr. Strickland.
Sirs, can I interest you in some coffee, donuts, anything?
Well, you got the palsy?
Or is the AC on the fridge?
If it's the latter, bring us a fan.
We'll be in my office discussing matters of consequence.
But sounds like the palsy.
No fan, but bring in some coffee.
Try not to spill it.
It's the turtles.
Let me guess, you want to beat your appearance fee out of me?
No, it wasn't right the way we came here unprepared and started a riot.
You understand how kids sometimes don't listen when you try to tell them what needs to be done?
Hey, I'm not the one who sang a song called 20 Grand on a Lunch Break.
The point is, we want to put on a decent show.
We brought some bikes.
I rode one.
Watch!
Well, it's too late for a show.
I told you so.
Look, I'm really starting to get aggravated.
I don't want to have this conversation again.
I told you once and that's it.
Which is why I think we should form our own ethics committee.
One with even higher standards than the commission that oversees us.
Yes, I agree.
As do I. Even more so.
I, Jerry Sandoval, have been saying that for years.
Here comes the gorilla.
Oh, no.
Looks like he's got a propangatang, too.
Thanks for keeping me out of jail, Hank.
I burned some bridges with the Aryans last time through.
Fathered in fuels giving an extra 10% off on refills.
Can you match that?
Uh, no ma'am, we won't.
But what we will do is calibrate your OPD valve and carry your tank to your car.
That sounds okay.
It sure does.
Are the tickets finally going on sale?
I hope so because I think I might have bread poisoning.
The station appreciates your sacrifice.
May I help you?
I'd like three tickets for Brownsville Station directly in front of the Speaker Tower to the left of the stage.
You know those seats are obstructed view.
Not when Mike Lutz climbs up there and plays his guitar solo.
For those ten minutes, they're the best seats in the house.
What are you waiting for now?
The concert's not for another two weeks.
I want to make sure I get a t-shirt in my size.
They always run out of ladies medium.
The land starts behind me.
You stupid, stupid idiot!
