Do you know where I can find 4D batteries for my flashlight?
Um, aisle 30, I think.
This is aisle 30.
15th, 3.
Stop guessing, either you know or you don't know.
Sir, I'm trying to help you.
Hey you, wait!
batteries you just passed them right to that door sir thank you I hate this place
As a stylist, you must remember a bad haircut can cost your client their job.
Even get them beat up.
That's why we practice on the senior citizens.
Miss Crenzer, my senior citizen is too small for my chair.
Can I get a new one?
Luanne, please!
Some of them can hear you.
Would you step into my office?
I haven't received your tuition check for this trimester.
Oh, really?
I mailed it.
Oh, you did, did you?
That's good, because if you hadn't, I would have had to suspend you.
But since you did mail it, why don't we just sit here and wait until it comes?
I didn't mail the check.
If I don't pay my tuition, I can't go to beauty school anymore.
Can you believe that?
How much was it again?
$300?
All I have is $400.
And that's going towards my new trampoline.
I mean, the trampoline I have now is good, but you know.
Yeah.
OK.
Not buggy.
OK, Hank.
Try turning it back on now.
Because feeling fresh is important to a woman.
Dad, can I come back in now?
Not yet, son.
Stay in the kitchen.
Okay, Bobby, you can come back in.
Your garden will be a horn of plenty with Megalo mulch and easy to lift 50 pound bags.
Mmm, that Chuck Manjione is one class act.
And now Megalo Mart has propane and propane accessories at Megalo prices and it feels so good.
Propane at Megalo Mart?
Uh, Bobby, leave the room.
you bastards all right all right everybody settle down megalomart may be selling propane now but they're in for the fight of their lives tell them buck well there's no way we can compete with their prices but debbie and i stayed late last night and and after that we came up with a plan yes we have a plan good work buck and uh debbie
We're gonna beat Megalomark by giving the customer what they can't.
The personal touch.
Little program I'm gonna call service with a hug.
You're serious?
Hi, welcome to Strickland Propane.
Service with a... ...hug.
Ugh, I'm really sorry about that.
Now, what can we do for you?
Well, I was just wondering, do you honor Megalomark coupons?
No, but for pennies more, you get the same propane and Strickland service.
Well, how many pennies?
Several hundred.
I hug you.
Sure son, the Wagner Char-King does cost a little less here at Megalomart, but when you buy at Strickland 135 Los Gatos Road, you don't just get a grill, you get a spatula and a friend.
A good spatula.
Sir, there's no yelling in the propane department.
Some of these gases are extremely volubilius.
Well, Buckley, I have a complaint.
I would like to talk circles around the person who runs your propane department.
Hey.
They don't want me making keys anymore.
I don't know whether to laugh or vomit.
Say, I want to thank you guys for continuing to buy your propane from Strickland.
You're about due for a fill-up, Dale.
What's it been?
Five?
Six cookouts?
No, I'm all set.
Huh.
Well, that's odd.
The gauge must be broken.
It says your tank's full.
Here.
Megalo Mart.
I am changing the seating plan in my classroom.
Mr. Garcia has been hiding from me for too long.
Welcome to the front row, Mr. Garcia.
Are you listening, Hank?
I gotta come up with some kind of battle plan.
We're hugging our way down the crapper here.
Of Hank and Peg, can I come in?
Yes.
I don't want to ask you for money.
That's a good instinct, Luanne.
Go on, honey.
They won't let me back into Beauty Academy unless I pay them $300.
And I can't make $300 until I'm a rich and famous Hollywood makeup artist.
Yep.
You got yourself a real catch-22 there.
Good night.
Now, sir, I know we could never match Megalomart's prices, but I thought maybe we could get ourselves the spokesperson the way Megalomart cashes in on Chuck Mangione's star power.
Now, I've done some research on this Zomphere fella, and I found out he's sold more albums worldwide than the Beatles.
His music's better too.
Hank, it's too late.
I've uh...
I've decided to shut down this branch of stricter than propane.
What?
No, sir, you... We can't give up.
Hank, listen, I got four more branches to think about.
Sometimes you just gotta cut off a finger to save the hand.
I gotta let you go.
You're firing me?
I can't even afford to give you a severance package, but you can have five minutes at the office supply cabinet.
Make a basket out of your shirt, honey.
Take your damn batteries back!
Take them back!
Bastards!
I don't want them, you can have them!
Boy, you get a lot of batteries for four bucks.
Bastards!
Ed, what about this big box of tissues?
Is it from Megalomart?
No, but it was touching something that is.
Throw it out.
Well, folks, there is no chance in hell we are going to lose this house because I have spent a lot of time thinking and preparing us for this exact moment.
You what?
Hank, I married you for better or for worse.
So during the better, I planned for the worse.
I saved all our old curtains so that I could make some clothes for Bobby.
We will grow our own vegetables and we'll eat carrots for dessert.
I thought you said we were gonna be okay!
I'm now on.
I'll be the breadwinner of the house.
Oh, not that you're the bread loser.
We're all winners here!
Perdóname, hermana.
Why is the Pope holding that gun?
That is not the Pope.
It's Monsignor Martinez.
Vaya, con Dios.
Hmm wanted one hard-working man to replace for who weren't Stop looking you found him You'll notice that the door on your left is open and if you're not interested in making money I want you to walk right out that door because this is not for you Can I just ask what exactly are we selling?
That's a very good question
You'll be selling opportunity.
With your initial investment of $300, you can make up to $60,000 or as much as $200,000.
It's up to you.
You.
You.
You.
You.
What's in the box?
All right, eager beaver.
It's time for us to tell you.
Inside each of these boxes are 24 smaller boxes.
filled with dreams.
Oh, God, we're not selling steak knives, are we?
Uh, not we.
You!
You!
You!
You!
You!
Uncle Hank, what's a BTU?
British Thermal Unit.
So, there's no bacon in it at all, then?
Luan, I think you picked up the wrong book.
That's about propane.
I know.
I'm studying to be a propane salesman.
Just like you used to be, Uncle Hank.
That's a neat idea, Luan.
While you're at it, maybe you can fly around the world in a weather balloon.
to get a job selling propane.
Huh, Buckley said he'd hire me at the Megalomart.
Megalomart?
Why don't you just go down to hell and work for the devil?
Good thing that I don't have dangerous brain powers, or right now you'd be in a thousand little pieces!
I've answered 40 classified ads, and I didn't get a single response.
Hey, man, I know how it is, man.
You don't get a little low down on the money, man.
You're just coming out of a bank of boom here, man.
It'll go a little cash-advanced.
They don't additional charges may apply, man.
Well, I appreciate that, but we're doing fine, thanks.
Piggy's landed some extra work as a notary public.
You got yourself a good man there, Hank.
Uh... What did you just say, Bill?
Propane is A. Flammable.
B. Non-flammable.
C. All of the above.
We can't eat propane, so... For God's sakes, it's flammable.
I could have gotten that!
You would have never gotten that.
How could such a good cop become such a bad priest?
Well, I threw out my ethics and I notarized Velma Throckmorton's will.
I hope those cats know how to run a toy store.
Honey, did you iron my blouse for tomorrow?
No, I don't know how to iron.
And I don't want to learn.
Hank, we're all taking on extra responsibilities because of your... situation.
I'm trying, Peggy.
Don't be a try, baby, Hank.
Be a do-baby.
Come on, Luan.
No job, no Hollywood.
You can do this.
Remember, BTU, British Thermal Unit.
No bacon, no bacon.
I'm ready for the test, Buckley.
I just pushed everything out of my mind except propane.
Well, and how to get here?
You don't have to take the test now.
I gave the job to somebody else.
So, I guess you think you're going to work right now off the soap propane and your fancy vest?
Hope you like walking, though.
Because I took your car keys and I flushed them down the toilet!
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Luanne, have you seen my car keys?
So, you know something about propane?
I was assistant manager at Strickland Propane for 15 years.
Anyway, here's your tag.
You gotta wear this at all times.
Hey.
Hey.
Who's Ron?
Uh, hello.
I'm Mr. Hill.
Fifteen years experience in propane.
Wow, that's amazing.
Hey, you know what?
What?
Chicken butt.
You know what that means?
No, what?
Chicken butt.
You gotta stop saying what.
Why?
Chicken thigh.
Okay, now you gotta put up some posters in the parking lot.
Chuck Mangione's giving a concert there next week.
But what?
Never mind.
Dad, I thought you hated Megalomart.
Oh, I do, son.
I do indeed.
But you're working there.
That's right.
Are you still married to Mom?
Bobby, of course I am.
It's true, Bobby.
He is.
You know, Hank, I think you should be happy about your new job.
You get to wear that smart little uniform, and with the trainee badge, you can make all kinds of mistakes.
It's like a get out of jail free card.
Well, now I feel great, Peggy.
Thanks very much.
Let's all go dancing.
What do you say?
Well, forgive me, Hank, but I am doing the best I can.
You have never failed before.
I don't know how to pity you without offending you.
I guess this means we're not going dancing.
Hey, Luan.
Uh, listen, I'm sorry I took that job you wanted, but you have to... Sorry, I can't talk right now.
I'm in the middle of a rehearsal.
I'm spending a feather ball to the third, and my boyfriend is going to give me a job at the Mega-L-Mot.
No, he's not.
I'm going to make him give it to me and ruin your life forever.
Luan.
Um, you work with Ron and Buckley in the propane department, right?
Well, I work in the propane department, while Buckley and Ron watch me.
Um, can you find out if Ron likes Stephanie?
Can he shut up?
Well, cause she wants to sit next to him during the Chuck Mancione concert.
Shut up!
Well, I think I'll go try and find the grown-up break room.
Ladies?
I think that old guy likes you.
Shut up!
Shut up!
Hello, America loves Megalomart.
Don't take it too hard, Hill.
After a while, you hardly miss respect.
Mark McGimsey.
You mean the Mark McGimsey that owns just brake drums?
He was known till Megalo Mart ran all the main street out of business.
Now I'm just working here in the automotive department helping feed the beast that killed me.
Yep, the only place you can find a main street these days is in Disneyland.
Just try to buy a gun there.
Hey, you know a fella by the name of Ray Holiday?
Layaway Ray, sure.
Used to go to his bait shop all the time.
So, there I was, bare-ass naked, sitting in a box of nightgrawlers.
Felt kind of funny, but it kept them alive through the night.
See, that's the kind of thing you can do when you own your own store.
Here, it's just one humiliation after another.
Oh, I'm being a teller.
Alright, break it up, back to work.
And you, where's your trainee tag?
I won't wear it.
I've had 20 years experience, I'm not gonna take this.
And neither are we.
Oh, I guess I'll just have to fire you then.
Buckley, what the hell are you doing?
You never, ever want to put stress on the valve.
You'll cause a gas leak.
Hey, where were you?
You're supposed to set up Checkmangione's dressing room with sliced pears and 2% cottage cheese.
Or did you forget that too, Hank?
Trainees.
You know how it is.
So, what do you think?
I don't know, Hank.
You're talking about an act of open rebellion.
Dang right I am.
They say America loves Megalomart.
And if we don't speak up, everyone will think it's true.
We've got to put an end to the silence while the whole world is watching.
If you want out, get out now.
As for the rest of us, we will be disrupting a Chuck Mangione concert... ...with kazoo's.
Why kazoo's Hank?
Because they're portable, they're annoying, and Megalomart has them for three bucks a case.
We'll be just like Queer Nation.
Or the Boston Tea Party.
Yes, yes, the Boston Tea Party.
Exactly.
Uncle Hank.
Yes?
I had a lot of time to think while I was unflushing Aunt Peggy's keys, and I would like you to know that I'm not mad at you anymore for taking my job.
I was the better candidate.
Oh, sure, sure.
Um, can you give me a ride to the Megalo Mart in the morning?
I'm going to break up with Buckley as of tomorrow.
Your boss is no longer my boyfriend.
Why don't you get us a spot, Peggy?
I've got a little business to take care of.
I know, Hank.
I saw your bag of kazoos and I put two and two together.
After 15 years of teaching, I know a mutiny when I see one.
Don't try to stop me, Peggy.
Hank!
Yeah?
Remember, honey, to hum.
Not blow.
If you blow, it tears the wax paper.
I'll tell him.
Where's your kazoo?
I got something bigger in store for Mr. Charles Mangione.
I'm breaking up with you.
Do you know why?
Chicken thigh?
Don't make this harder than it already is.
How you doing, Arlen?
Are you ready to soft rock?
Is that their new slogan?
Oh no!
Chuck!
Buckley and the latter in there!
Hey man, it's 9-1-1.
I'm in here to make a little mark, man.
It's gonna get boozed, man.
There's a fire in there.
And it don't that gum that comes out everywhere, man.
I don't know if some of these men will run out of there.
I don't know if he did.
Chuck, man, you're only gonna be coming down here.
Sir, you are going to have to speak more slowly.
I cannot understand you.
Dang, oh, make a little mark.
Talk about them all.
They need booze.
Shut up!
