Make a wish, darling.
Ugh, I have had nothing but lousy birthdays, but getting robbed last year at Captain Bears was the worst.
Worse than the flash flood or the food poisoning or the year you got hit in the neck by a foul ball?
Yes.
Well, you've had some rough ones, all right.
The only one who seems to enjoy your birthday is Dale.
Well, this year I am finally going to have a birthday that Dale cannot gloat about.
We are going on a murder mystery train.
That sounds great!
Oh, sorry, honey, kids aren't allowed.
Ugh, being a kid is not fair.
I'll bring you a place, Matt!
Here's what he'll be missing.
Huh.
A Chub Randolph production.
It's a four-hour round trip to Durndal.
Dinner inclusive.
Actors will be enacting a theme murder mystery, and we get to solve it.
Theme?
Yes, the theme is Studio 54.
Death gets on the guest list.
Disco, huh?
You sure they didn't have a murder at the Super Bowl theme or murder on a bass boat?
It'll be fine, Hank.
Gotta get the funk.
Hank on the dance floor.
That's right.
Come on.
Rock the boat, Hank.
Do the bump bump, yeah.
Well, the whole idea of a disco party makes my skin crawl, but it means a lot to Peggy.
And it does involve a train.
I guess I'll just focus on that.
Ooh!
I've got a mesh tank top I'm gonna wear.
I like the way it mats my body hair.
Good call, Bill.
We'll all trot out our disco finery and wait for disaster to strike.
I bet that will happen if the driver of the train is the murder victim.
Unfortunately, no.
All trains have a dead man's break.
The driver has to keep his hand on the throttle at all times.
If the driver gets murdered and he takes his hand off, the train will automatically come to a screeching but safe halt.
So this year, when we tell Peggy happy birthday, it won't sound sarcastic and mean.
Not a chance.
Peggy's had some classic stinkers before, but this one could be a fiasco of spectacular proportions.
It can literally be a train wreck.
I am glittered, glammed, and ready to hustle.
Everything feels tight and European.
Every stitch in your clothes was made by DuPont.
Feel any better?
A little.
Now, Bobby, we're trusting you kids to stay right here and keep out of trouble until your mother and I have successfully completed her birthday.
Okay.
Well, there it is.
Studio 54.
I want to stand behind the velvet rope.
I feel a little guilty that I'm gonna be the one solving the mystery.
Oh, really?
You sure about that, Lucky?
Yes, ma'am.
See, I've got an unfair advantage.
Thanks to TV Land reruns, I'm a bit of a student of the NBC Mystery Wheel.
Colombo, McLeod, Macmillan and Wife, and the underappreciated prairie detective, Hack Ramsey.
That was a good show.
I remember one where the murder weapon was a Gila monster.
Lovely lady, I'm Lawrence Robbins.
Although tonight I'll be playing Halston.
One of our actresses didn't show.
How would you like to be in the program?
All you have to do is be blonde and pretty.
I can do both those things.
Follow me, I'll tell you about your part.
Wait, this is the longest we've ever been together without our parents.
We've got to do something we could never do if they were around.
We could pee in places where pee isn't supposed to go.
I know.
Let's make prank phone calls.
Sounds too risky.
Everybody's got color ID now.
What if we made a secret clubhouse?
You mean with passwords and secret knocks?
Cool!
Yeah!
And we can use things that aren't furniture as furniture!
And things that aren't journals as journals!
I'm in!
Hey, Peggy, happy birthday, man.
I want to do you a little damn wrong to hear, man.
You know, hearing impaired, but you don't communicate with them, they don't like the language they love, you know, they're hot, man.
Hey Jay, Bob, I'm so glad you could make it.
I thought you were gonna both be plus one.
We decided to leave the wives at home tonight.
No chicks.
Hey, hey Kale, remember the 70s?
My people are ambushing your people in a jungle.
Look, there's Jackie O.
This is wonderful.
I'm Conductor Nolan.
I'm a railway employee and am in no way affiliated with Chubb Randolph Productions.
I'm warning you now.
I'm not going to put up with any foolishness.
I'm empowered to take all necessary actions to protect this train.
Done it before, I'll do it again.
Fun within prescribed limits.
This is gonna work.
All aboard!
Aunt Peggy, Uncle Hank, I'm playing a model called Jerry Hall.
That is wonderful, honey.
Who is Roy Cohen?
Senator Joseph McCarthy's pit bull lawyer, a voracious man who took no quarter in the courtroom or the amyl nitrate-perfumed lounges of Studio 54.
Why would he want to kill me when I mean Jerry Hall?
No.
Oh, no, no, Louie, no.
Roy Cone did it!
Mr. Eblon!
No, Garnet.
Let's go.
No, no, stop!
You could do improv!
No!
Wait, please!
Come back!
I was a fool to think this would go well.
Well, it's not so bad.
Your friends are here.
We're gonna have a nice dinner.
I'm sorry, everyone.
I'm so sorry.
Oh, baby doll, it's all right.
We've all messed up and given away the plot of something.
Take it from me.
Fire ain't the worst thing you can yell in a theater.
It's Bruce Willis is dead.
I'm sorry, but there's been a problem.
Spit it out!
The refrigeration went out and the chicken and prime rib were spoiled.
And your ice cream birthday cake melted.
And there's no food!
We do have packets of cheese and crackers.
Well, you can make a pretty good meal out of cheese and crackers.
Happy freaking birthday to me!
What a cool place for a secret clubhouse.
I hope there are old textbooks up there from when your parents were in school.
I hope there are mannequins.
I'm not going first.
You gotta go Bobby, because if you're deformed twin brothers up there, you should see your face first.
I guess you're right.
You know I was thinking, sure.
Maybe we could play a game.
You know, get a tablecloth and color some coasters with lipstick and play Twister.
Yeah, yeah, a game.
Not Nancy's game, but how about this?
We'll pick a letter and whoever calls out something they see that begins with that letter gets a point.
Like say if the letter was A and you called out, I see an air vent, then you'd get a point.
A is for alcohol.
That's the only thing going to save this party.
I demand a Tom Collins!
Sorry, sir.
We just entered Rumpert County.
It's a dry county, and for election reasons, it's long and horizontal, so it's gonna take us about an hour to get through it.
You'll have to wait till then for an alcoholic beverage.
I guess this is kinda cool, isn't it?
There's nothing up here except old exercise equipment.
This pink stuff is making my butt itch.
Now it's making my hand itch.
Now it's making everything itch.
Here, feel it.
Ew!
Don't touch us!
Aunt Peggy, and everybody, I feel really, really terrible about spoiling the mystery.
But then, I remembered I brought some friends along.
The manger babies!
No, dear God, no, not the... The manger babies!
Jose, if you can!
Meow, meow!
Open the door, you're the donkey!
Yeah, yeah!
Gurgle, gurgle!
The octopus!
Gurgle, gurgle!
And, Sir Reginald Featherbottom, the third.
Pleasure to meet you.
What, what?
Hey, guys!
There's an Andy Warhol wig stuck in the back toilet.
I tried to get it out with Elton John's sunglasses, but, you know, they got stuck, too.
Yeah.
Oh, Peggy.
I know you are trying so hard to make it all right, but it's just not!
My birthday is ruined!
Again!
They just left and there's no cheese.
And, heck, I want a treat.
Did we just have relations in a public place?
Unless this is all a very weird dream.
Yes, we did.
How do you feel?
I feel great.
Miltus Dale, no.
This is the best birthday ever.
Huh?
Oh, happy feet.
Guess what?
We have a mystery.
Oh, thank God.
Somebody did the nasty on this train, and we're going to find out who.
There is no need to panic yet, Hank.
It'll be a disaster if we get caught, Peggy.
We're on a train.
That means we are at this very moment under the jurisdiction of the Texas Railroad Commission.
Yes, so?
The Railroad Commission also regulates propane.
If what we did in that bathroom becomes public, Strickland propane could receive sanctions, maybe even the propane death penalty.
Isn't this delicious?
I wonder who was naughty.
Lucky is on the case.
Now, that's usually what I say when I drink beer, but this time it refers to this mystery.
I would not rule out sex-crazed hobos.
I wouldn't put it past a hobo.
We're not helping, Hank.
Attention, everyone.
I am Khan Subhanu Simpon.
Upon entering the laboratory, I observed two sets of footprints, one set pointing up and the other down.
Evidence of love most foul.
I discovered the deplorable act.
I will find the perpetrators.
I will begin my questioning with you, Dale Gribble.
Has your wife been out of your sight for even five minutes?
No, she's been clingy all night.
I can verify that Nancy has not been out of Dale's sight at all.
I don't have an alibi.
You're Bill Dothrieve, that's your alibi, airtight.
What are you people up to?
Oh, we just playing charades.
You can stay and play if you want.
The category is book.
Something went on here, and when I find out what it was, I'm gonna exercise my authority.
My full authority.
His full authority, Peggy.
Okay, back to business.
Lucky Klein, Schmidt.
It was you and Luanne, wasn't it?
You trying to get in as much hanky-panky as you can before she has her baby.
Not that there's anything wrong with your premise, but no, it wasn't us.
We haven't done it in public since Lackey almost fell off a ferris wheel.
Khan's gonna get to us soon.
Oh god, we need an alibi.
Okay, you lost a contact lens in the food car and I helped you find it because your glasses are non-prescription.
With all due respect, Inspector, them footprints are still on the mirrors, and that's where the great Quincy would look first.
Hey, you right, Scarecrow!
Okay, everybody gonna stick their turtsies up to the mirror, and we gonna compare!
That's how we identify the fornicators!
My feet are smoking guns.
Well, maybe Boom Hauer's date has big feet, too.
Hank, God would not make a girl deaf and give her size 16 feet.
We are sunk.
I never knew meerkats were such a jerk.
What are we doing?
We said we were going to make a secret clubhouse, and that's what we're going to do.
Hey, wait.
My dad says you've got a trap door in your parents' closet.
He's been there lots of times.
Oh, the crawl space.
Come on, guys.
We're going down.
John Redcorn, you first.
Just like dirty Cinderella.
Okay, Redcorn, you off the hook.
Next.
We've got to do something.
Create a diversion, and I'll find a way to destroy the evidence.
the break.
That's it, the dead man's break.
Piggy Hill, you're up.
Oh, yeah, you're right.
I am up.
Unless PJ or Bob or the waitress want to go next.
After you, dearie.
No, after you.
I meant Piggy.
Keep up moving, keep up moving.
Some nut scared the tar out of me and the train thought I was dead.
It was him.
That disco bastard.
Ah, evidence gone.
I will never know.
First you people try to wreck my train.
Now you're having an orgy?
Everybody off my train now!
But you can't do that!
OFF NOW!
By the looks of all the abandoned farm machinery, we're stranded in outer dirndl.
Looks very tetanus-y.
This is Peggy's worst birthday ever.
I should feel on top of the world, yet I'm not.
I feel strangely hollow inside.
Peggy, wait!
Peggy!
Peggy!
I just wanted one nice birthday.
But no, I can't even have one.
Well, I finally get the message my birth is nothing to celebrate.
Well, it is to me.
Me too.
Me too, Aunt Peggy.
And me.
You are special, Shug.
And today is a special day.
Oh yeah?
Then why does it always tick?
This not working.
Maybe that's a ticket.
Alcohol!
It's a neon sign from God.
My body wants a toddy!
To the hooch.
Well, Peggy?
Why not?
Who wants a soda?
Me!
This is awesome!
This goes back!
No, I knew it!
Well, alright!
Y'all stay right there.
I'm gonna go get my Technics turntable and my 12-inch dance mixes.
Miss Gloria Gaynor coming up.
You really enjoyed yourself this evening.
Didn't you, Aunt Peggy?
Good for you.
Happy birthday, Aunt Peggy.
A Chub Randolph production.
