balloon whose birthday is it joseph's or nancy's no wait it's my birthday isn't it bill it's a weather balloon and your birthdays uh was last week uh sorry bill happy belated birthday thank you hey i've got 18 more of these a balloonous dozen
Hey man, how about that dang old dude?
Man, true story, man.
It got all them balloons up now in the lawn chair, man.
It's going around 16,000 feet, man.
Not on Bruce Dern, but playing in a dang old movie, man.
Boomhauer, that guy almost died.
You can't just strap some weather balloons to a lawn chair and fly to the store for some candy.
That's ridiculous.
I need to focus.
Our biggest propane sale of the year starts tomorrow.
I can't afford to be thinking about helium.
Yeah, that's ridiculous, boomhauer.
This is it.
The grill's Stravaganza.
Okay, let's do it.
On three.
One, two, three.
For the customer!
Enrique, nice clip on.
Looking good.
Donna, thanks for clearing your desk.
I know how much you like your unicorns.
Joe Jack, what's with the hat?
Sorry, honey.
But this year, I'm gonna be selling more grills than you.
In fact, your winning streak's about to go up in flames.
Of course I am!
Ah!
Good God, that's hot.
Do you know why I sell the most propane every grill Stravaganza, Joe Jack?
I educate the customer so they can make an informed decision.
That's my magic trick.
Oh... grab a don't-peat on my head.
Boy, that Joe Jack.
He's never gonna get anywhere until he learns that sales is all about character.
Well, unfortunately, that is the sort of lesson he will only learn on his deathbed.
And no one wants to buy a grill from a dying man.
Hey, you know who might get a kick out of learning some character?
Bobby.
Maybe I'll take him to work.
Show him how his old man pays for his bath salts.
Cookies!
Bobby, that's not a cookie.
It's a sales cookie.
When you make a sale, you get a cookie and you get to ring the bell.
It's asinine, but it works for some people.
The sales cookie is the sweetest cookie you'll ever taste, honey.
Every time I hear a bell, I start to drooling.
And this is the sales board.
It's like the giant scoreboard at the Masters.
Except instead of Tiger Woods, you have me.
Wow!
Cookies, my name in blue marker.
What do you want me to sell first?
You want to make a sale on your first day?
God bless you, boy.
I think you better watch this first.
Morning, sir.
I see you admiring the Wagner line.
Why don't you give these brochures a read, talk them over with your wife or a trusted older family member, and come back if and when you're ready.
We'll be here.
Okay.
Well, thanks.
Yes.
Gives me chills every time.
I don't get it.
You let him leave.
At the end of the month, you'll get it when my customers return educated and ready to buy.
That leads us to lesson number one.
So straighten up your tie because you're going to meet a lady.
This is Lucy, the tank wipe trainer.
What exactly does wiping our grimy tank have to do with selling propane?
Everything.
When you talk tanks with the customer, it won't just be talk.
You'll have smelled, touched, and tasted more tanks than he'll have ever seen.
But I want to sell grill.
And when you're ready, you will.
Alright, now what you do is wipe from her head down to her feet.
No, no, Bobby, remember, head to feet, you won't cause a leak.
Feet to head, everyone's dead.
Tethered, tethered.
I'm going to be floating with the angels.
What's that gun for?
There is a small to large chance you will develop high-altitude pulmonary edema, which means your capillaries will flood with fluid preventing adequate oxygenation and a spiral of worsening hypoxia, leading to a slow and painful death.
I don't think I want that.
That's why I got the gun.
If you start feeling any shortness of breath, rub your belly and I will give you one of Dr. Dale's 38 caliber pain pills.
What?
Don't worry, I'm a good shot.
Remove the sandbags, boomhauer!
It works!
It works!
Oh, it's so beautiful up here.
Okay, when we release the second tether, Bill should gradually float 30 feet into the air as planned, or he will soar uncontrollably into the stratosphere.
Huh?
Cut the cord, boom-hauer!
Wait!
He's giving the signal.
Stick out your chest so I can get a clean shot at your heart.
Ah!
The man used the dangles to escape rope, man.
I made it.
I'm all right.
Ah!
You're not doing it right!
Hey, man, that shoot didn't dangle balloon, man!
Man, don't build gone, man.
Congratulations, Bobby.
That's the pain you get from not taking shortcuts.
Okay.
You know, I think he may really have what it takes to be a great propane salesman.
Look, Peggy, he can barely make it to his room.
Oh, he can't.
Hey, Joe Jack.
My dad's making me calibrate all the flanges.
Does this flange look calibrated to you?
Well, it beats me.
I've never learned that stuff.
I just know about moving product.
Wait a minute, then why am I stuck back here doing this?
All that bunk about learning the fundamentals is just a way to get me to do his grunt work.
Good afternoon, sir.
Madam, may I help you with one of our fine products?
Well, do you actually work here?
Yes, I do.
This beauty is the char-king.
Now, I want you to know, we buy our grittles from the most reputable suppliers in the state.
And this will look beautiful in your yard.
Bobby, no!
Way to hook him, Catboy.
Buck, I apologize.
This won't happen again.
Hell, I hope it does.
He just sold a char-king.
See what?
Hit it out the park on his first at-bat.
Bobby, I'm demon-tizing you salesboy.
But sir, he doesn't know the fundamentals.
He didn't sell a grill, someone bought it from him.
He's not ready.
He did.
What's this sound like?
Sounds like I'm ready.
Beginner's luck is a curse, Bobby.
If you don't learn the basics, you'll be just another also ran instead of a still running.
Well,
Doing those basics might be your way, but it's not my way.
It's not my way.
It's the right way.
Huh.
If only there was some easy way to figure out whose way works better.
All right, mister, you're on.
Fine.
I cooked two instakes.
That's my predilection.
Is 22,000 BTUs enough for me?
BT, what's the what now?
BTUs.
You know the heat index.
Uh, oh, well, the thing with that is, uh... Yeah, I'd be interested to hear that too, Bobby.
The heat, huh?
Well, it ain't gonna be as hot as the Dallas Cowboys this season.
Now, they got a team, am I right?
What are you talking about?
Dallas stinks this year.
Which is why you're gonna want to spend Sunday afternoons grilling instead of watching TV.
Amen to that, brother.
Yeah, anybody!
Santa?
No.
Yes!
Yes!
If you get your parents, I will give you a toy.
Hey!
Yeah!
Goodbye, Santa.
I love you.
Plus, with the chrome reinforcement, you don't have to worry about her blowing up.
Grills blow up.
Oh, just the cheap ones.
That's not true, sir.
Every grill we sell here is absolutely safe and of the finest quality.
Oh, are they?
Joe Jack, what do you think about the non-chrome grills?
What, the widowmakers?
No, no, I have all the safety information.
Thanks, but rather than take any chances, I'll go with the chrome one.
You and you, my truck now.
You two are selling propane like it's a diseased pet that needs a home.
That stuff might fly over at Thatherton Fuels, but I'm putting a stop to it.
Mr. Strickland's happy.
The customers are happy.
The only one not happy is you.
But that's not our fault.
It's because you're in a slump.
How many times do I have to tell you my sales come in at the end of the month?
Okay.
You got the stank on you and everybody can smell it.
And then this morning, I heard Bobby and Jojak refer to a customer as a mark.
Every single lesson he's learning is wrong.
Well, what do you expect?
Jojak is racking up sales and from what your son tells me, you don't have squat.
Children imitate success, Hank.
I catch my students imitating me all the time.
Peggy, you know my system.
I'll have plenty of success when all my sales come in at the end of the month.
We cannot afford to take that chance, Hank.
According to Rob Reiner, these years are critical for Bobby's core value development.
You've got to dazzle him with sales or he may never listen to you again.
Come on, pick up the pace!
But that's not my system.
Then get a new one.
Just pretend you're one of those jerks at the sales-a-thon.
Okay, on three.
One, two, three.
For Bobby!
Hello, uh, I would like to sell you a grill now.
Well, we're just looking.
Uh, look no further?
Oh, great.
Here we go.
Yep.
Here we go on an exciting journey that ends with you buying a grill.
You want me to tell you a joke?
So I pulled that tooth I was telling you about.
Arlen, do you read me?
Come in, Dale.
Moomower.
Bill, is that you?
You didn't say over.
Over.
God, I need water!
I'm in a tree!
Be more specific!
What town?
What type of tree?
Over!
I don't know!
I fell asleep!
Oh wait!
Here come a bunch of kids!
Oh, thank God!
Somebody came!
Hey you!
What are you doing up there?
Did the water though send you?
No!
See, the wind changed and I just so dizzy!
So how come you're hanging from a tree?
You a piñata?
Hey piñata, it's my birthday!
Wow, Bill's new ballooning buddy, sound like a hoot.
I should have gone first.
Uh, Mr. Strickland, I'm glad you're here.
I know I'm usually kicking it into gear this time of the month, and I promise... Oh, don't sweat it, old top.
So you're in a slump.
Now, come on.
I still got plenty of use for you, yeah.
Featherton.
Gentlemen, you all know Hank Hill, my number one salesman, 12 years running.
Stop stalling, Buck.
Where's your bet?
Right here.
I'm betting Hank.
What?
If you win, you get him for the week.
All right, I call.
But sir, you always bet Joe Jack.
Uh-uh, I can't this time.
He's selling.
You're crapping the big goose egg.
All right, bets on.
Show him.
Two pair, seven high.
Full house.
Oh, that's where them maces were hiding.
Hank, you stand there and look like a poker chip.
I'll come get you in a minute.
Bobby, everything I told you about sales being patience and character, it's all still true.
I didn't show much of either and now I'm paying the price.
Please promise me you'll learn from my mistakes.
Uh, okay.
Come on, Bobby.
There's some nuns out there who don't know diddly about markup.
When I open this handkerchief, your credit card will magically be back in one piece.
Well, like a sizzle.
Oh, jeez.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
You can buy this on the layaway.
This is our crown jewel, our wet apron contest.
You do good by me.
I'll let you work the host.
You told me I could bang the dents out of my canister with a hammer.
Are you trying to kill me?
I, uh, what I meant to say was, uh, I'll get the manager.
40, 50.
Uh, Bobby, I'm not good with unhappy customers.
That's your old man's specialty.
If they ask for me, I'm, uh, yeah.
Good luck, Bob.
Please be patient, ma'am.
I can't find my pen.
Joe Jack, so help me God if you took my pen again.
You don't know anything about the BTUs on this grill.
It took me four hours to cook my two-inch steaks.
Maybe.
Look, free cookies.
Cookies?
I'm a diabetic.
Get back to you.
Sure, this grill is perfect for indoor grilling or heating.
And we at Thatherton guarantee that the gas will never, ever run out.
He won me in a card game.
Get out of here while you still can.
Run, run, run!
That way!
I just saw a jet ski payment run out the door.
What happened?
Look, I can sell propane upside down and blindfolded, but not with my integrity tied behind my back.
There must be some sort of honest work that needs to be done around here.
Hey mister, have you seen Hank Hill?
What are you doing wiping tanks?
I thought that grunt work was only for rookies.
Bobby, did you listen to anything I tried to tell you?
The great ones practice the basics.
So you thought I could be a great one too?
I trusted you with the flanges on your second day.
I think that says it all.
Things are kind of melting down over at Strickland.
We need you back.
Well, I still got a debt to pay here.
Uh, Mr. Strickland gave me the twenty bucks to pay Thatherton.
Huh, that must just be the first installment.
Let's go satisfy some customers.
Get down.
All right, who can I help first?
What seems to be the problem?
Well, my tank ran out.
It was supposed to be a 50 gallon tank.
Well, that's only a 10 gallon tank.
Must have been a miscommunication.
I'll take care of it.
I'm glad you are now officially satisfied.
That was some day, huh, Bobby?
Actually, it was pretty horrible.
Tiki, tiki, tiki.
Come on, baby.
I'm sorry you're not gonna get the sales award this year, Dad.
Maybe I should get back to Lucy.
It's foot to head, right?
No, then everyone's dead, Bobby.
Remember, it's head to feet, but we'll work on that tomorrow.
Why don't you go lock the door for me?
Closing time!
Chajuck is the winner, and I kill is the loser.
Yeah, yeah, okay.
I'll take this one too, slumpy.
Oh, what can I do you for?
You're the guy who gave me the brochures.
The first time I read them, it made no sense, but then it started sinking in.
It usually does.
So the guy says, I'm switching my trailer park to propane.
I need 500 tanks.
A minute before closing.
You should have seen Joe Jack.
He pulled a flask out of his desk and started drinking.
It was so funny.
Yep, every grill Stravaganza is different, but they always end the same.
Ah, like I said, hahaha!
