you
Yep.
Yep.
Mm-hmm.
Yep.
Mm-hmm.
All right, there's the man of the hour.
Get it, get it, get it.
Dang it, Bill, you were supposed to buy the beer.
I went to the megalomark.
They were all out of Alamo.
Did you look hard?
If you guys think I'm so stupid that I can't tell when a store is out of beer, you're welcome to go there and see for yourself.
They are out of Alamo.
The whole state's out of Alamo.
I already told you that this morning.
Well, if you had come back to the alley with me like I had asked.
I have a good mind to put my fist through this thing.
You probably forgot to put in the code.
Oh, write the code.
What is it again?
Are you a full-time teacher?
Today, I'm a full-time Spanish teacher.
So you're a sub.
I'm sorry, they only trust full-timers with the code.
We've had problems with frivolous use.
How many copies do you need?
Oh, 20 copies of the Spanish quiz.
And a hundred of these.
And that is?
I'm selling a bike.
Hi, Brow.
I can't drink this.
You know I only drink Alamo.
And you know all the stores are out of it, but nobody knows why.
Hey, Mom, remember that Alamo hotline we called when I got the pop-top stuck on my big toe?
It should be easier to call this time without you screaming in my ear.
Hello, and thank you for calling Alamo Beer.
For English, press 1.
Para continuar en español, oprimé el número dos.
Ooh, I've never been indignant in Spanish before.
Hola, Alamo Beer.
Hola, Piggy Hill.
Much gracias, señorita.
Instead, flatter me.
Well, adios.
Great news, Hank.
I just hung up with Alamo.
What'd they say?
What happened to all the beer?
Right, the shortage.
It didn't come up.
But they like my Espanol so much, they offered me a tip job as a bilingual customer service representative.
Well, that's even better.
You'll be on the inside, working in the same facility as Brewmaster Conrad Skip Meinhofer IV.
You can ask him what's going on with the beer.
This is your V.A.P.
card.
It designates you as a very Alamo person.
It gets you into all the restricted, employee-only areas of Alamo.
This will be your desk.
Welcome to the Alamo family.
Well, it's a little early, but what the hell?
No, Peggy.
This is your box of Alamo Mentos, Alamo Mug, Alamo Hat, Alamo Keychain, and a Don't Drink and Drive T-shirt.
Are these items available to the general public?
Nope.
Then I will treasure them.
Bill, you have to make a decision.
We got redlogger, pale ale, amber nut, honeybee... I don't know!
I'm too old to learn all this stuff.
Guys, guys, great news.
Peggy got a job at Alamo.
She'll find out what's going on with our beer.
Yeah, that way of beer!
I'll tell you what's going on with our beer.
They've sold it to the Japanese who will change the formula and repackage it in square bottles that will only fit cup holders in Japanese cars.
Changing the formula?
I don't like change.
Now, just calm down.
The bond between a beer company and its loyal drinkers is sacred.
There's no way they'd tamper with something that won the Munich Beer Festival of 1849.
Peggy will be home any minute and then we'll know.
You know, Teresa, this Alamo mug and Alamo hat and Alamo keychain get me to thinking.
What has happened to all the Alamo beer?
Oh, I'd be happy to tell you.
But first, I'm gonna need your Jane Hancock on this.
Non-disclosure agreement.
Now that you're part of the Alamo family, you're going to be trusted with some of the family secrets.
We need to know that those secrets will stay in the family.
I have never had a problem keeping a secret.
Ask any of the gay teachers I've worked with.
But you couldn't, because I would not tell you who they were.
So, what's the skinny?
Well... Hey!
Alright!
Come on guys, get away from the cart.
Alamo employee coming through.
Gentlemen, the mystery is solved.
What'd you find out?
Please, beg you.
Unfortunately, that is all I can tell you.
What?
Why?
As a new member of the Alamo family, I signed a non-disclosure agreement, which means that while I am privy to company secrets, I cannot reveal them.
Don't worry, I'll get to the bottom of this.
So I was thinking, you want to go ahead and tell me what's going on?
You know I cannot.
Sure you can.
I am sorry, Hank.
Alamo trusts me not to tell you their secrets, just as you trust me not to tell them about your narrow urethra.
And believe me, I had the perfect opportunity.
I'll get out the foot lotion.
Oh, stop, Peggy.
Come on.
You have a temp job one day, and it's more important than a 20-year marriage?
What about no secrets, huh?
Till death do us part?
Think about that, Peggy.
Death.
OK, but you have to promise not to tell anyone.
I promise.
I promise.
Seriously, you can't tell the guys.
I could lose my job for telling just you, and I already have $0.23 in my pension plan.
They are not changing the formula.
They are trying to sell more beer in Mexico, so they sent all of last month's production run down there.
But not to worry.
Alamo beer will be back on the shelves in five days.
Oh, Peggy, that's great news.
The guys and I can probably get to Mexico.
No, Hank!
You can't tell the guys and you can't go to Mexico.
Alright, fine.
But you can't stop me from dreaming about it.
Do not tell me what I can and cannot do.
Didn't you tell you, Hank?
Tell me, tell me, tell me.
I'll hold my breath if you don't tell me.
He'll pass out before he dies.
He always does.
Sorry, guys.
I promised Peggy I wouldn't say anything.
Who would've thought Hank would put some flash in the panwap before 30 years of friendship?
Yeah, man, you're talking about no secrets, man.
You know, this looks just like when the old kid's man had little skin knees and old first crushes, man.
He'll lemonade stands on the little tree house, you know.
Man, if you can't trust no people in this alley, I wouldn't be alive.
You and your guilt trips, Boomhauer.
But I promised Peggy I wouldn't tell, so don't give me those basset hound eyes.
After every call, write down where they called from and what the problem is.
If there's ever a caller you can't handle, just press this button that will hang up on them.
Hola, Alamo beer.
Que es su problema?
Vomitando.
Vomitando?
Si, alvomito.
La diarrhea.
La nausea.
What in Carmen San Diego is going on in Mexico?
Yeah, man, you know, just like you said in my yearbook, man, they don't bang on French fly, man.
They don't good luck this summer.
All right, all right, I give.
But you guys can't tell anyone.
You got it.
No one to tell, man.
They're temporarily diverting beer down to Mexico.
Alamo will be back on the shelves in five days.
Five days.
We couldn't make that long.
Easy.
Let's go to Mexico!
Yay!
I got shotgun.
Teresa, there is something you should see here.
Look, vomiting, diarrhea, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, nausea.
All of these calls were from Mexicans.
Now, their Spanish wasn't great, but I was able to gather that they got sick after drinking Alamo.
Thanks for bringing this to my attention.
That shows incredible initiative.
Here, you've earned an Alamo can-do pin.
Collect five of these and you get a mini flashlight.
A flashlight?
Wow!
I will think of you every time something falls behind the couch.
Oh, um, and about the vomiting.
Right.
It seems that a tiny bit of soap got into some of the machinery during the production run we sent to Mexico.
It's our fault for wanting to give people the cleanest beer they can buy.
But rest assured, no one is in any real danger.
Oh, thank goodness.
So, I can just tell the callers that the soap... No!
Our Corporate Affairs Department is working 24-7 to determine the best way to handle the recall announcement.
So, for the time being...
I don't mean to sound racist, but this is by far the best selection of beans I have ever seen.
I'm serious.
Ooh, tacos!
Can I buy one?
No.
How about some pig's feet?
They look clean.
No, no food.
You're gonna get sick, and this isn't some two-mile ride home from a pie-eating contest.
How about a banana?
It comes in its own wrapper.
Fine.
Uh, por favor.
Uh, cervezas alamo.
Yep.
Yep.
One beer's not going to hurt my driving.
Look how fat I am.
Sorry, Bill.
That's what you get for having a mouth full of banana when we all said not it.
Dang those bananas.
Step on it, Bill.
I don't know which way it's coming out, but it's coming out.
Finally.
Yep.
So how was everyone's day?
Pretty boring.
You know, watched some... Oh, God.
I had an interesting encounter with a mosquito today.
Wait, let me back up.
It was lunchtime, and then I said to the nurse, no, I'm not sure it was a mosquito, but it was some sort of bug that bit me, and now I itch.
Long story short, calamine lotion.
Hank, why aren't you eating?
I'm savoring it.
And going to the bathroom.
The two are not related.
What are you doing?
Just had to... ...come.
Honey, are you sick?
Yeah.
Alright, I admit it.
I got this diarrhea and vomiting.
Hank, if you can hear me over your own noises, where did you go today?
I went with the guys down to Mexico.
You went to Mexico?
My beer!
Peggy, have you lost your mind?
Oh, so now I'm insane.
You broke a promise to me.
A promise you made in the bed where I conceived our son.
That is insane.
Okay, I'm sorry I blabbed to the guys.
But the beer is already here.
There's no sense in pouring it down the drain and back to Mexico.
Hank, you cannot drink it.
Why the hell not?
I got diarrhea from Mexican bananas trying to get this alamo.
You're just punishing me because I told the guys the beer was down there.
It is not that.
You are just gonna have to trust me more than I can trust you.
I wish I could say more, but I cannot.
This tiny flashlight symbolizes the huge amount of trust that Alamo has placed in me.
My God, you care more about your stupid confidentiality agreement than your own husband.
And you care more about your friends and your beer than you do about my stupid confidentiality agreement.
Besides, it's for your own good.
For my own?
What am I, some kind of baby?
Well, baby wants a beer.
Come on, Hank!
Drink up!
Where does Peggy get off being so mad at me?
Yes, I broke her confidence and lied about it.
But she... Well, she... Uh... She's still keeping something from me.
Exactly, Hank.
She... Damn that filthy Mexican banana!
Don't blame the bananas!
I ate more than anyone, peels included, and I didn't get sick until hours after you guys did.
We had bananas and beer, we came home.
What else could have made us sick?
Oh my God, the beer!
And Peggy knew!
Hello, Peggy.
Oh, hi, Hank.
You remember that old Alamo beer commercial?
The one where the father and son have a fight over who dented the car and then they make up over a cold Alamo?
Well, Peggy, I dented your trust and I want to make up.
Well, that's okay, Hank.
I forgive you.
Please, after what I've done to you, you deserve it.
Unless there's a reason you don't want to drink it.
There's no... I can't live without it.
My wife lies to me.
My beer company betrays me.
Americans are giving Mexicans diarrhea.
What the hell's going on here?
This is just a stomach flu, which you gave me.
Thanks a lot, Hank.
Where are you going to put some laxative and Bobby's cocoa puffs?
I am off to work, where I can vomit without being accused.
What is going on with the recall announcement?
I have seen nothing about it in the beverage trade magazines in the ladies room.
It turns out, according to Mexican law, the market that sold tainted beer could be held responsible.
And if those markets are shut down, where will the people of Mexico buy food for their children?
Alamo is against child starvation, Peggy.
We always have been.
How about you?
Well, of course, but I'm also against people with diarrhea.
Isn't there any way to warn them?
Oh, Peggy, I know what you're going through.
That's why I married someone in the company.
A barley man.
Hola.
Alamo beer.
Si.
Si, alvamato.
Si, si, la diarrhea.
Excuse me, I demand to see Mr. Meinhofer IV.
I'm sorry, sir, but without an appointment... I know you're just trying to do your job, but there is no way you were trained to deal with a customer as dissatisfied as I am.
I want to open the board meeting tomorrow with a joke.
Not to tie your hands, but maybe something about a giraffe?
Mr. Meinhofer IV, I'm Hank Hill Strickland-Propeyne.
For the last 20 years, Alamo has been a part of my family, like a favorite uncle who lives in the refrigerator.
But you knowingly sold tainted beer to the good people of Mexico.
That is not a crime, but it should be.
Now, I would like an apology.
Mrs. Strickland, Alamo beer is not your uncle.
We are not your family.
We are a Delaware Limited Liability Corporation.
And the beer we sell in Mexico is as pure as the beer we sell in America.
What?
He's lying.
So, unless you are one of our shareholders, we don't owe you anything, especially an apology.
We will not stand by while you libel our product with your baseless accusations.
Now, I am not a litigious man.
That's why I have lawyers.
Are you threatening me?
I don't threaten people.
That's why I have security guards.
You're kicking me out?
Okay, fine.
I'm kicking you out of my refrigerator.
Bobby, put down that tainted bear.
I was hoping it would not have to come to this, but it looks like I have to take down the system.
Paycheck's coming through.
Thank God it's Alamo's Friday, huh?
Yeah.
So the freaking giraffe orders a beer.
And the bartender says, you want a loan, Nick?
And the giraffe goes, I have a choice.
This beer is fresh off the line.
We've already shipped it all over Texas.
Oh, God.
Hi.
I'm Conrad Meinhofer IV, CEO of Alamo Brewing Company.
Kids run along and play.
Daddy needs to talk to his friends.
It has come to my attention that some of our fine product was well below Bavarian purity standards, and I let it get to you anyway.
As of today, I'm ordering a complete recall of all the Alamo beer in both Mexico and the United States.
If we're lucky enough to get your business back, it won't happen again.
Because we're not just a company.
We're a family.
And we're sorry.
There.
I don't understand why that was so hard.
But why couldn't he just apologize to my face?
Well, sometimes when people are confronted with their mistakes, they're too embarrassed to admit they're wrong.
Especially proud people.
You're successful businessmen.
You're educators.
You're substitute educators.
I'm sorry, Hank.
No, Peggy.
I'm sorry.
Hey, look.
There's Hopps the dog.
Actually, the real Hopps died five years ago.
It's one of the company's secrets.
Pass it on.
Lemonade stands on the little treehouse.
