I'm running behind for my booster club meeting.
Now I'll probably have to sit at the wobbly table.
Yellow.
Well, substitute teacher of the year, Peggy Hill.
Uh-huh, go on.
The high school?
Teaching?
Me.
Wait, who is this really?
Really?
Today?
Yes, of course.
Oh, no, no, thank you.
Guess who was subbing for high school geometry teacher, Tammy Charbonneau, while she takes an eight-week doctor-ordered bed rest maternity leave.
Me, Peggy Hill.
That was going to be my guess, exactly.
This is the major league's hank, the bigs, the show.
Oh, my God.
Eight weeks, do you know what this means?
It means that I have a pretty good chance of actually learning their names.
Everything's happening so fast.
It's beautiful, isn't it?
Hmm, Tammy Charbonneau?
Excuse-me, Sonora Miriam Keeney?
Melamo Peggy Hill.
I have followed your career with such interest.
Seventeen years teaching high school Espanol, you have never once gotten sick, or if you have gotten sick, you have never called in sick.
Either way, I am subbing geometry.
Well, bienvenue, Jose Arlen High.
My, what lovely spectacles.
The better to see promising new talent with.
33 David Kalaheke Ali, the plant of wine.
He says aloha to the end zone and aloha to the temple tigers.
It means both hello and goodbye.
My wife is Polynesian.
Ireland has unstoppable.
First order of booster club business.
How's the programs coming for next week's games, Terrell?
As you all know, the money from the programs help pay for the cheerleader's shoes.
Every business owner here has taken out ad space in this week's program, except Dale Gribble of Dale's Dead Bug.
My secretary messed up again.
She is so fired.
And the man walked around the world and said to the king, sir, I come from France.
Sir, come for France.
You see?
Yes.
Hey, dude.
And you must be David Kalaikialae.
Uh, yep.
I guess you might have heard of me.
Hey, how's it going?
Well, yes.
You were the person who did not answer present when I took role 28 minutes ago.
Okay.
I see from Ms.
Charbonneau's notes that you all have some homework due.
So I'll start with you, David.
I didn't do it.
I'll just, I'll take a C or a B or whatever.
No, I am not going to tell you how to do your job.
Peggy!
Hurry up and sit down before the PE coaches get here.
Oh, it gets in your clothes.
So, how's your day going?
Glorious.
Although, can I ask you if you know a student named David Kalaikialae?
The flying Hawaiian.
He runs 40 and 4.5.
Yes.
Anyway, I checked David's records and he has a B plus average overall.
But he seems to have trouble applying himself in geometry.
Marlon Atwater, assistant driver's ed, slash health.
Peggy, David is our star fullback.
He doesn't have a lot of time to study, so we cut him some slack.
At Tom Landry Middle School, we would never think of extending special privileges to the athletes.
Peggy, this isn't middle school.
This is real life.
We've got college football scouts in our games, and they're not coming to watch David draw a triangle.
Oh, don't worry, Peggy.
David Calla A.K.L.A.
is unteachable anyway.
Unteachable.
I spent six weeks in health trying to get him to brush up and down.
He's like a wall.
And he continued to sleep peacefully.
It was pure chaos.
Well, how about that?
Your first day on campus and you already met David Kalaiki Ali.
He's the flyin' Hawaiian!
If I were two years younger... Well, first, he is your age.
And second,
David is considered a special case.
They call him unteachable.
Well, he can't be good at everything.
Well, you'd be surprised, Bobby.
He plays offense, defense, and returns punts.
Well, it looks like Luanne is the only one with a crush on David.
But you know what?
He's just another student to me.
No different from the nerds or the suck-ups.
And I have decided to give that boy the high school education he deserves.
So, it may only be a theory, but it will, in fact, be on next week's midterm.
Oh, wait, David.
Honey, can you spare a moment?
I wanted to talk to you about your classwork.
I have noticed that you have a zero grade.
You have no homework points and no participation points.
Uh-huh.
I would like to tutor you after class.
I have a football practice after class.
Oh.
How about geometry practice after that, with a playbook by coach Peggy Hill?
Um, okay.
Oh, and David?
I'm glad we got to rap.
You know you run fast
Please hand in your midterm.
David, I just want to say that it has been a pleasure educating you.
I think I have learned just as much from you as you have from me.
Well.
Okay.
Uh, okay, quarter inch to the left, and eighth inch back to the right.
No, no, an eighth.
Hank!
We just lost our stuff all the way back!
What?
What happened?
Maybe he'll happen.
No pass, no play.
Chief Flunk David, now he's out for three weeks academic suspension.
Do you know what happens in those three weeks?
San Marcos, Belton, Mac Manaberry, Mac Manaberry, Hank!
Now, hold on.
I'm sure it was just an accident.
No, Hank.
This is an accident.
Now, you got two messes to clean up.
How could you flunk the flying Hawaiian?
Haven't you ever heard of no pass, no play?
Do not try to pin all of this on me.
I only did the no pass.
What happens after that is none of my business.
I want you to change his grade.
If I were to give David a passing grade, that would be a failure on my part, and I am not failing.
I am doing a work.
This is crunch time.
We're going up against San Marcos, Belton, and McManerberry.
McManerberry, we need him to go to state.
Well, I am sorry, Hank, but teaching high school is my going to state.
No offense, Peggy, but I don't see anybody rentin' buses to go to your state.
Hey guys, you know the strangest thing happened today?
A giant rat crawled into my inbox and died.
What happened to your frames?
They suddenly went out of style.
This is about David, isn't it?
David did failing work.
He got a failing grade.
Of all people, I would expect my fellow educators to support me.
You want to change the world?
Go back to middle school.
It's too late here.
All right, we can absorb this loss.
And it wasn't a conference game.
And we'll probably squeak by next week because Belton's still reeling from the drug bust.
And it is McMainerberry.
And there's not a single addict on that Mother Lovin' team.
Digby, there's got to be something in those law books of yours.
Look under a loophole.
What if we got him a work study like I had at the print shop my junior year?
Yeah.
David drops Mrs. Hill's class, takes a work study at Tyrell's print shop.
Hey look, I got Billy breathing down my neck as it is.
I don't need another punk in there making me look bad.
I volunteer strictly propane to jump through this little loophole.
Now David can work for me till the swallows get back from KappaStrammy.
Hey, can you slap together on makeup midterm?
I'll do it quickly, but it won't be slapped together.
And the vaporization rate of a hundred pound propane cylinder at 70 degrees Fahrenheit is how many BTUs per hour?
Can I have it, chair?
Propane 101?
Yeah, it's a work study thing approved by the Board of Education.
So you and your waffle boys did an end run around Peggy Hill?
Peggy, years from now, no one will remember what a hexagon is, but you win state and, well, that goes up on the water tower.
Uh-huh.
And how is David doing?
Oh, David's doing great.
He knows more about propane than any Hawaiian I've ever met.
He does?
Oh, what was I thinking?
I am in over my head.
What made me think that I could teach high school?
I so wanted to be like welcome back Goddard.
Now I'm like the real Gabe Kaplan.
I am a loser.
Okay, the test is going to be one essay question.
Open serviceman's manual.
Just tell me what you love most about propane.
Ooh, nice handoff.
Just like the one you did three weeks ago in the game.
Alright, let's see what we got here.
Okay, Strickland propene does not have a vending machine.
It smells and I thank God every day I get home that I didn't get exploded.
The end.
Thank God have mercy on me.
David passed, didn't he?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I guess he did pass.
I gave him an A. So coupled with my F, your A brings him to a respectable passing C. Well, good for you.
Good for David.
Good for Arlen football.
Everybody's a winner.
Yeah, though, the principal kind of threw out your F.
So right now, he's on honor roll.
I just wanted you to hear that from me.
All I'm saying is, you have the tendencies of a Capricorn.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey,
I will not have a respected educator bend over for his own beer.
Make Peggy do it.
She's got to be good for something.
Now, that is not fair, Dale.
Peggy did the best she could.
Which was crappy.
So I'm afraid I will have to take an emergency medical leave.
Well, I have diagnosed myself as having the early stages of single-digit carpal tunnel syndrome, or as I call it, chalk finger.
David failed that test.
His essay made me want to vomit, which I did, but I gave him that A to get us to state.
Hank Hill, I am speechless.
I literally have nothing to say.
Not one word.
Nada.
Zilch.
Zero.
I don't know what you're waiting for.
Get this beautiful human being some waffles!
Get her out of here!
David Kalaiki Alii received an A on his propane exam.
But he deserved an F. Now my wife Peggy
Now, now hold on, hold on.
Sure, a week ago I would have been booing my wife right along with you guys.
You were, Hank!
Uh, yeah.
But what I realized is that she was right all along.
It's time to ground the flying Hawaiian.
I'm giving him an F. I'm too late.
I already turned in the sign off sheet and the grade.
David is in.
Sir, did you read that essay?
It's a classic.
I thank God every day I didn't get exploded.
Excuse me, but I cannot let you ruin that boy's life.
I think that there might be people who would be interested in the fact that David is being deprived of an education such as his mother and the school board and the secretary of education.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, right there.
Wait a minute.
Look, look, we don't want to go dragging a boy's mother into this.
I'm sure we can work something out.
You may keep your creamy bribe.
We are going to his mother.
And we are gonna tell on you.
The booster club is cheating David out of an education.
And what is worse, David is cheating himself.
I'd like to show you something.
David is learning disabled.
He studies every day as soon as he gets home from practice until he falls asleep every night.
I usually come in and find him, slumped over his desk, using that playbook you made him, as a pillow.
He's a good boy.
He just has trouble retaining anything.
He deserves an A for effort, though.
No wonder even I couldn't teach him.
Sports is all God gave David, and it's the only way he'll get to college.
Well then, uh, we're sorry to have disturbed you, Mrs. Kalaiki Alii.
And the Oscar goes to me!
Come on up, fellas!
We smoked them good, bought it hook, line, and sinker!
Thanks to you, Mrs. K.A.
Hey, what's all this crap?
Where's all my swanks?
We kept you in the game, stud.
Hey, hey, what's going on?
I know all my ABCs.
What the hell's we're gonna turn you in for flunking?
We told them you were a slowpoke.
I'm not stupid.
I can't believe you did this.
It's so...
So stupid.
David, stupid is going to get you to college.
I'll tell you what's stupid, me giving you that trans am if you ain't gonna drive us to state.
Hey, miss Phil.
Oh, no, no, David.
The pep rally is down the hallway, honey.
Wait, did you poop yourself?
I deserve that.
I guess if I worked harder, you guys wouldn't be so willing to believe I was learning disabled.
You're not?
But, but that explained everything.
It was all a sham.
My mom in a booster club cooked it up.
Wait, sham, that's the right word, right?
Yes, but I would have said skiing.
It conveys more sneakiness.
Yeah, well, I've been thinking about this, uh, no pass, no play stuff.
If I don't pass, then I should no play.
Really?
I probably should have something to fall back on anyway.
I mean, the odds of me not making pro or what, 50-50?
So what do you say teach me geometry before the game?
I am so proud of you, David, but I could not even teach Albert Einstein all of geometry in an afternoon, even if it meant that Einstein's team could go to state.
Wait, wait.
Maybe there is something you can learn in an afternoon.
So you see propane is a liquid, but it comes out as a gas.
What you need, David, is a way of associating the lesson with something that's familiar to you.
For instance, okay, Gatorade is a liquid, but when you dump it on the coach, it's a gas.
Get it?
I get that.
Great!
But that's not right.
And if you want to remember the chemical formula for propane, C3H8, maybe you could remember it like an audible.
C3H8!
Propane!
Propane!
Hike!
You guys need a ride?
I'm gonna be smokin' on that field!
But not near a propane tank, because propane is flammable.
And here he is, back after a short educational hand of the planet Hawaii, David, color 8080!
Who's stupid now, huh?
Not David.
Yep, not David, Hank.
Not David at all.
I don't know what you're waiting for.
