There you go, Captain.
Just the way you like it.
Oh, you're done.
I got it quick because I really know your head.
And I don't know what you'd do if I was ever out on maneuvers or became a POW.
I guess I'd go to him, or him, or him.
We're getting worried over nothing.
How'd you like to see the back?
Yep.
Yep.
If I never went back to work, I don't think anyone would notice.
Sure they would, Bill.
When there's suddenly enough food to go around.
The point I'm trying to make is, you're fat.
I don't know, with all the reservists, there's a lot of fat guys.
But guys who are as bald as you are too?
Hey, I heard a funny joke the other day.
Uh, it was, uh... Wait, that was more of an interesting grill order, I guess.
Yeah, that's pretty good, Hank.
Well, we've seen him like this before, and it ended with me spending Christmas pulling his head out of the oven.
And we're gonna help him, and we're gonna start by putting an end to all the insults.
But heck, he's a... No, Dale.
He knows he's bald, he knows he's got a gut, and he knows his wife ran around on him.
He doesn't need you reminding him.
Uh, kinda thought you'd gone home there, Bill.
Mom, do you know what the heck this is?
I found it in the closet and I was gonna give it to Joseph to burn.
My Pong!
You're what?
Pong?
It's only the single greatest video game ever invented.
So what am I up against here?
Zombies?
Serial killers?
Drug dealers?
Nope.
Two lines and a dot.
That's it.
That's the whole game.
It's even more boring than real tennis.
That's because you don't know how to put English on it.
English, you say.
Bill, I'm taking you to the one place in town that can fix whatever you got going on.
You know, the despair and whatnot.
I'm so glad you'll be helping out with Seniors Bingo Knight.
Your main job is to wake them after the game and tell them where they are.
It's been so long since I met someone who shared my interest in helping people.
I know how you feel.
With those strong legs, you should be able to carry a lot of Bibles, eh?
And maybe after I could get you to hang some decorations, I shouldn't be climbing ladders.
Oops.
And the moment I can feel that you feel that way too is when I fall in love with you.
Who are they?
Oh, that's the hermanaholics.
Normally they practice in the VA, but it flooded.
HERMANAHOLICS TOGETHER FOREVER!
You know, Bill, I'm not a priest.
The church permits me to explore.
I am William Fontaine de la Turdo Trief and I demand that you let me join you.
And why should we do that, William?
I need something like this in my life.
But why do we need you in our life?
Please!
You guys are the most beautiful thing I've ever seen.
And?
And ever since the first moment I saw you inside, I knew I had to be a part of you.
Please!
Very well.
I suppose you've earned an audition?
Lights!
Let's see if you've got what it takes to be one of us.
Sing them in, boys.
I'm singin' in the rain Just singin' in the rain What a glorious feelin' I'm happy again Smile!
Hands down on the lane
With a happy refrain I'm singing Just singing in the rain Enough So I got something that's gonna cheer Bill up Cowboys versus Miami Monday night
I did it.
I mean, I'm a harmonic.
What the hell was that?
I joined the men's chorus.
It's called the Harmonaholics.
More like Assahol.
Dale, I told you to lay off Bill.
So, uh, a men's chorus.
Huh.
It's great.
Singing for Chris, well, there's no way to describe it.
Oh, and the love the guys have for each other.
Easy, Dale.
the uniforms.
This shirt is pretty sharp, huh?
Hank, for God's sake!
It cost me a pretty penny, but as Chris says, you gotta spend money to make magic!
Well, I'm off to practice my moves.
Oh, man, that dangle, huh?
Well, I know we were hoping he'd choose something a little less god-awful, but it seems to be keeping him out of the morgue.
Alright, let's go, everybody.
Warm-ups.
Let's see those hands, Larry.
Turn and step.
Keep those finger guns in the holsters.
Emotion, auto, emotion.
Too much emotion.
Let's bring it in, people!
Does everyone know the most important word in this chorus?
Pitch?
Rhythm?
Fine.
Sacrifice.
We all have a lot of competing pressures in our lives.
People are gonna tell you there's more important things than the chorus.
You laugh, but I've heard it all.
I can't do the chorus.
My son has a football game.
I can't do the chorus.
I have to go to work.
I can't do the chorus.
We have couples therapy.
What do we think of that, Joe?
We need to be strong.
So what are we going to do?
Two down out.
All right then.
OK, let's all welcome our newbie, William.
So, William, are you wearing?
What?
Everyone in the class wears the same custom underwear.
It gives us a tremendous feeling of community.
I'm so sorry.
Please, please don't kick me out.
It's okay, Bill.
You're new.
You see, in olden times, brothers swore their loyalty to each other and took an oath with their very blood.
We wear silk underpants.
What kind of underpants do you want to put on tomorrow morning?
Military grooming and hygiene, Captain Hart speaking.
Good morning, Captain Hart.
I regret to inform you that I am too sick to perform my barbering duties today.
I will need to use one of my sick days.
La la la la la la la la la la
la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
You are going down, little man.
You got no game, mom.
No game!
Yeah?
Here I come.
How you like me now?
You're not ready?
Bill's show's in an hour.
We're not going, Hank.
I'm trying to teach Bobby an important lesson in humility.
See ya!
Well, it's probably a bad idea, but I'm gonna keep an open mind.
Hey, Nancy has that same blouse.
Three adults?
You guys are big fans of the Hollicks, huh?
Uh, I guess.
I love them, too.
What's your favorite song?
Uh, so, uh, so that was three adults.
I know what you're thinking.
If this guy loves them so much, why does he get off his button tour with them?
Well, Chris had other plans for me.
Let's face it.
I'm sewing the names on the underwear.
That's more time for them to be focusing on the music.
And I also get to run their fan club out of my house, the Harmonaholic Hollicks.
Here's all the info.
What's up, Otto?
You wearing?
You not.
You think?
Wearing like a baron.
Don't treat, you're wearing?
Yeah.
Wearing like a... flare gun?
Nice.
If I should call you up, invest the dime, and you say you belong to me, and ease my mind, imagine how the world would be so very fine, so happy together.
I can't sing it up when nobody but you are all my life.
Oh, thank God that's over.
You asked for it.
You got it.
One more song.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep.
Well, mm-hmm.
So, what'd you guys think of the show?
Normally, I'd tell you to go to my blog, but even that's being censored by Hank.
Maybe you should ask him.
Well, it was, uh, you know, it had its, uh, features and, uh...
So you're really getting something out of this, huh?
Oh yeah, I'm so lucky.
Sometimes I can't believe that they let a guy like me stay in the chorus.
That's why I have to sacrifice more than anyone to let them know I deserve to be a holic.
What do you mean sacrifice?
Well, I spend most of my paycheck on gloves and top hats.
Both my toes have hammered because of all the dancing.
Plus, I used up all my sick time.
The Army thinks I've got hepatitis.
The bad one.
Wait, you're lying to the U.S.
Army?
I have to do it.
I have to do Hank.
The chorus demands sacrifice.
Well, sacrifice is a great thing for your country or family, but you can't give your life away to these guys.
Brian did.
Bill, you're... No, Dale.
Bill, I think you've...
Dang it, Bill.
You're gonna listen to me.
I'm not gonna let you throw everything away just so you can sing with a bunch of... a bunch of... a bunch of guys.
Good guys?
You gotta let me in on this, Hank.
No, Dale.
But Hank, this is my chance to be part of something special.
You have a job.
I'm not saying you shouldn't sing.
If you feel you have to.
You should just keep it in perspective.
Perspective.
I got you, Hank.
Dottree, General Murray is coming in for a haircut at 1900 hours.
But I got plans tonight.
You're not going anywhere.
You've got no vacation days, you've got no sick days, and Dawson is on maneuvers.
At 1900 hours, you better be here with a scissors in one hand and a comb in the other, or you're AWOL.
You got that, Sergeant!
So, uh, I noticed a lot of those chorus guys had wives.
Yep.
Mm-hmm.
Excuse me, gentlemen.
I'm Captain Hart.
I'm looking for Sergeant Dothriev.
Hank Hill, Assistant Manager, Strickland, Propane.
Now, don't worry.
I talked to Bill, sir.
He should be at his post.
Well, he's not.
If Dothriev isn't at his chair by 1900 hours, he is a wall.
He's one missed haircut away from a court-martial and a dishonorable discharge.
God, dang, hermonaholics.
OK, we've got to find Bill.
Yeah, man.
I'd like to buy a dang old needle and haystack, man.
I don't do that, man.
Remember us from the concert?
Somehow I made my way onto your mailing list.
We need to know where the course went to and pronto.
You mean the PBS telethon in Dallas?
It's gonna rock!
Come on guys, you heard him.
Let's find that station.
Hey, man, what you talking about?
I'm... I'm... Cabo's... Dolphins, man.
I'm... Monday night, man.
Lord forgive me for saying this, but there will be other games.
Wait, I can't send a harmonaholic-holic away without at least a cup of tea.
Come on in, you guys.
You can sit on the couch Chris slept on when he missed his plane.
Look, you seem like a nice guy, so I'll tell you this for your own good.
Judging by the two times I've met you, your life has been a waste so far.
Forget these chorus guys and find a nice girl or at least something productive to do like a stamp collection.
Your local postmaster can help you.
Here's his number.
I have this important haircut with the general.
Do you think anyone would notice if I leave early?
Leave early?
Did I just hear what I think I heard?
Probably.
You're never wrong.
This is a core us, William.
Not a core me.
If you leave, Otto's gonna turn and sing, I want to know what love is to nobody!
He'll look like a fool!
Don't you have homework to do?
Don't you have housework?
I gotta take a bathroom break.
Fine, go ahead.
But... That's Pong, kiddo.
We can only bring you this kind of quality, commercial-free programming through the generosity of viewers like you.
And McDonald's, home of the McGriddle.
McDonald's.
I'm lovin' it.
Dang it.
Where is he?
This way.
I want you all to hear something.
Last week's ten is this week's seven.
Do you understand?
Hands in.
Harmonaholics on three.
One.
Two.
No!
Okay, we made it.
Come on, Bill.
Let's get you back to the base before you ruin your life.
I've got the music in me, Hank.
Okay, let's all tune this out.
No, tune me in.
Bill, you're committing a crime, and you're abetting a crime.
A crime would be to deny the world this.
But Bill, you're gonna be AWOL.
You're gonna get court-martialed.
Okay, you guys are up.
Come on, Bill.
William.
Okay, Dale.
Help him.
Wait.
Is this a trick?
Nope.
Let her rip.
Just keep it clean.
Bill!
Bill, you have to be the stupidest man on the planet to think this is a good idea.
Have you seen what you're wearing?
That outfit makes you look like a sequined train wreck.
Look at you!
You're part of a 12-headed jackass!
This course is the feces that is produced when shame eats too much stupidity.
You people make me envy the deaf and the blind!
Underwear!
Money!
Fat!
But I belong to something great here.
I even got a nickname, William.
Bill, you already have a nickname.
Army Sergeant, not in jail, Dothrieve.
Remember you asked if anyone would notice if you didn't go to work?
Well, the Army sure noticed.
If you don't get back to cut the general's hair, you're AWOL.
The Army is gonna lock you up for 30 years.
You know how much that's gonna cost them?
Hundreds of thousands of dollars.
I'd say that's taken notice.
The Harmonaholics are my friends.
Are they really?
All they've asked from you is to give, give, give.
Well, friendship is a two-way street.
Heck, you know, we gave up Monday night football tickets to come get you?
That's a friend, not these guys.
You're right, Hank.
I gotta get back to the general.
Let's move.
William!
William!
You, how'd you like to be a star?
Where's Sergeant Dothriev?
General, would you like to have a seat?
You know, you're the only army barber I'll let touch my hair.
Thank you, sir.
I always say the 110th has the best barber.
We fight hard, and we look good doing it.
Well, we missed the cowboys, but we bailed Bill out.
Oh, sorry, I guess you're in the middle of your game.
