Buh!
Yep.
Yep.
Mm-hmm.
Dale, what the heck are you doing in my yard?
Giving it peace of mind.
One for you and you.
This is a bill for services provided by Dale Tech.
That's my home security company.
I've been providing protection with my constant surveillance for years.
Well, the free ride is over.
Hey, Hank.
Interested in lap dance?
No, Con.
I'm interested in you putting a privacy hedge in front of your bathroom window.
We all have them.
Hank made me plant two hedges.
I agree.
The ugly in the working class should have privacy hedges.
But you don't keep a Ferrari in the garage.
Can Dale Tech do anything about getting me a privacy hedge?
To be honest, we're more into the invasion of privacy business than the creation of privacy business.
Peggy, could you hurry up with that toast?
I want to get out of here before Khan takes his shower.
Bobby, did you drink my grapefruit juice?
Yeah, sure, Dad.
I drank your grapefruit juice.
I had it with a big bowl of broccoli.
No, I didn't.
Fine, call your lawyer.
Steak and eggs, bloody but not raw.
Grandpa, where's Grandma Dee Dee and G.H.?
Going to visit her, folks.
I'm flapping here.
Oh, that's great, Dad.
You can sleep in the... How long will they be gone?
Summer, part of autumn, don't know.
Can't you stay with anyone else?
Your war buddies.
Stinky, stinky, smelly.
They've all been shoved into retirement homes.
Got useless and got locked up.
All except Topsy.
Topsy, perfect.
You guys could hang out at his place, playing checkers at his place.
He's playing checkers with worms.
Died six months ago.
Damn him.
Thank your wife, let the salt run out.
Which was the salt?
Flour, sugar, dog food, soda pop.
Look, Hank, I realize Cotton is your father and you can't throw him out on the street, but the man drives me nuts.
We should send him to senior daycare.
They have daycare for seniors?
It's the newest craze.
Since life expectancy has spiraled out of control, many nursery schools are being converted to accommodate seniors.
I'll pack him a sack lunch.
I couldn't do that to my dad.
He's just at loose ends.
You just missed the criminals who did this, Hank.
Sure am glad I'm protected by Dale Tech.
Were they about five foot ten wearing a baseball cap and about to get their ass kicked by me?
Um, it all happened so fast.
I, uh... Hey, Hank, look, propane.
Look at this, Hank's wife.
I've never seen a far Easterner spend so much time primping.
Not now, Cotton.
I'm busy.
He's got a half a bottle of pomade in his hair.
That man gets near a flame.
He's going to look like Chinese New Year.
What's it doing?
Some kind of women's work?
Making?
Sewing?
Which one is it?
I am trying to make a crossword puzzle for my Espinoe class.
I need a four-letter word.
Pint, food, ammo, guns, tojo, horse.
No, that's fine.
Cotton!
This is a Spanish crossword.
Oh, taco, bean, Cuba, peso, agua.
Hey, Hank, you forgot this!
Lucho, lucho, grande, enchilada!
Whatcha doing?
Some kind of women's work?
Now all I need you to do is staple the Char-King warranty cards to the front of the owner's manuals.
Think you can handle that, Dad?
I made you, didn't I?
So, I seized you in the market for a grill.
Yes, sir.
Do you know if this model is self-cleaning?
Like a cat.
All you got to do is, uh, push this red button.
So, uh, Dad, I thought you might enjoy this, uh, well, social club.
You brought me to a brothel.
Sorry about the murals, but we're still in transition.
Don't matter to me, madam.
Where can I transition into my underpants?
Aw, did you have an accident?
Yeah, except Blue Cross.
What kind of brothel is this?
It's an activity center.
It'll be fun, Dad.
Just give it a chance.
Bye.
I'm not sleepy!
Come on, you think I'm used up?
I can out-fight, out-drink, and out-do anyone I know!
Easy now, sir.
Hmm, double murder in Detroit last night wasn't protected by Dale Tech.
God, what now?
Hello, officers.
What kind of trouble is my father in?
Sir, he's not in any trouble now that we got him out of that nursery school.
A war hero like your dad still has a lot to give to society.
I'm an auxiliary policeman now.
Torn to serve and to protect.
What?
Really?
With all the budget cuts, our manpower's been stretched to its limits.
That's why we started a senior division of citizens on patrol.
Officer Hill?
Well, this is great, Dad.
So what do you actually do?
You hang out at the station, get the officer's coffee, answer phones?
Nope.
I got myself a real beat.
The cops said on the eyes and ears of Rainy Street.
But they'll text the eyes and ears of Rainy Street.
Not anymore!
I think that's... That's... You sessin' me!
No!
Too tight!
Too tight!
All right, I'm in charge of keeping the peace now.
So if anyone thinks I'm not worth the spittish on issue, they better be ready to talk to me and my partner, Sergeant Whippy.
Oh, that's great, Dad.
But remember, you're supposed to be the eyes and ears of the neighborhood, not the Whippy.
Damn that cotton.
They'll never pay for my Dale Tech service now that he's working for free.
Nope, Cotton's gotta go.
But he's got Hank behind him and Hank's the Alpha neighbor.
I'm Gammer, Delta at best.
Well, I didn't get to be president of Dale Tech by playing by the rules.
So Operation Turn Everyone Against Cotton is in motion... now.
Sounds good, Shook.
Could you add the softener when the washer dings?
Oh, I'll add the softener on the ding.
I don't know, Hank.
Cotton working as a cop?
He has a terrible human rights record.
Don't worry, I checked with the police department and he doesn't have any actual police authority.
Well, I'm off to chop down that birdhouse.
Too much chipping disturbs the peace.
Uh, Dad, I don't think that's such a... Dang it, who moved this coffee table?
First, my grapefruit juice disappears, now someone's moving the coffee table.
Why?
So you think someone's breaking in and messing with your stuff, do ya?
No, Dad, I'm sure it's nothing.
Oh, well, I got some chopping to do.
Hank's wife will be having sparrow eggs for breakfast tomorrow.
But, uh, you know, I'm not the police officer you are.
Would you be willing to take on the case of who's drinking my juice and moving my coffee table?
Cut, Bert, I better get out of it.
Cotton, that is an outdoor toy.
Pen far, manimo.
Hi, you can't really believe that someone's breaking in our house just to drink your grapefruit juice.
No, but it'll keep him busy while, you know, out of everyone's hair.
Hello, boys.
You off to play a little marbles?
Mumbly peg or king of the coffee table?
We're gonna go shout swear words into a sewer pipe.
Not anymore.
This treats on lockdown till I find out who's been messing with your daddy's stuff.
Now move it!
Good work, officer.
Those two looked like some bad eggs, all right.
Can't it, Gribble?
Someone's been tapping into my boy's grapefruit juice, and I mean stuff find out who.
Put your finger down your throat.
Let me see what's in your gullet.
Okay, but I'm allergic to citrus.
I wish I wasn't, because all Bill talks about is how good grapefruit juice is.
It's like he's rubbing it in my face.
Well, how do you like that?
A man who doesn't like juice has a juicer.
Maybe I ought to squeeze some truth out of you.
It was a wedding gift.
Dang it, Wolfman.
Your belly bit didn't burn down the motor.
I'm gonna get the dirt devil.
Dale, you have to believe me.
I didn't drink Hank's juice.
I know you didn't, Bill.
That power-hungry rena cop is just out to make a name for himself.
I'm just as scared as you are.
Well, you're not a member of Dale Tech, but I guess I could try to intervene just this once.
Thank you, Dale Tech.
Sir, you did it.
Bill broke down an implicated boom hour as the possible culprit.
You don't say.
Well, I guess I'd better go pay boom hour a little visit.
I'm not gonna ask you again.
Did you drink my boy's grapefruit juice?
Dang, man, I don't drink nothing, man.
I'm talking about just trying to change my little oil here, man.
I like mangoes, man.
I believe you.
The weight of a jalopy always crushes the truth out of a man.
He called your car a jalopy.
That is literally adding insult to injury.
Dang it.
I don't know what kind of game is being played around here, but everybody in this house knows the toilet paper goes over front.
Don't look at me like that.
You know what I'm talking about.
You are as crazy as your father.
You know what that old coat did to Luanne?
He cracked my driver's license in half with a big, snaky thing because I didn't blink her.
And he made me go to bed at 3.30 in the afternoon.
Look, I know Dad can be a pain, but I haven't seen this kind of spark in him in a long time.
Besides, Luan never uses her turn signal, and Bobby gets cranky around four.
Oh, I can't kill him.
Wearing a bikini made of socks.
Bang, butterfly!
Now I understand why line tamers get mulled every so often.
Boy, I gotta tell you Hank, things sure have gone to hell ever since Cotton got that badge.
Yeah, maybe that's partly my fault.
I guess I better have a sit down with him.
Hmm, that might not be a good idea.
Cotton's self-esteem is as fragile as his elderly hips.
Hey, maybe we should have a neighborhood meeting to let people blow off some steam and private, you know, a bull session.
That's not a bad idea, Dale.
You're right.
It's not a bad idea.
Not a bad idea at all.
It's the beer.
I just want to start this meeting off by acknowledging that my dad can be a handful sometimes.
A handful of crap?
I thought we were supposed to vent.
Go ahead, it's a safe environment.
What's said here stays here.
He pulled my belly hairs with the juicer!
It took me 16 years to get my first driver's license!
I'm too old to start over!
He keeps on pressing me to name Connie as a communist.
I had to!
Alright everyone, let's bring it down a couple notches.
You were right, Bivel.
They are all plotting against me.
We should rub grapefruit juice in his eye.
And slap him on a bus with the sack lunch.
All right.
I'm arresting everybody here for conspiring to slander a police officer.
What?
Dad, that's crazy.
And you.
Oh, that stuff you claims been messed with.
How do I know it in an inside job?
Maybe you've done it for the insurance money.
You think I insure my juice against being drunk?
Trishit!
You're all suspects!
Now if you cuff yourselves, it'll save you from beating!
Start cuffing!
Ow!
Don't hurt me!
Give me my whip, boy.
No.
Dang it, Dad.
You're out of control.
There is no mystery.
I just gave you that as busy work.
But you even managed to screw that up.
But I'm a cop.
I keep the peace.
I'm protecting the juice.
Someone moves the table.
Dad, you're not a cop.
Now, give me your badge.
I don't want to have to call the real police.
Dale Tech for all your home security needs.
Dale Tech for all your home security needs.
So, who wants the new introductory surveillance package?
For an extra 30 bucks a month, you'll get a closed circuit feed of Bill's house.
Puts an all in perspective, believe me.
I believe you.
So where is Cotton?
Let me guess, did he get busted down to do an cross guard duty?
No, he's making macaroni art down at the Sunset Day Center.
Really?
He's back in gray care?
I thought he had more fighting in than that.
No, losing that badge seemed to really take it out of him.
Well, I better go pick him up.
Well, maybe I'll come along and bring the Colonel a balloon.
Not as a potential client, just as a guy, you know, who's down and could use a balloon.
Hey, peeping Tom!
After speedwalk, I take shower.
See you in half an hour.
No hedge!
I see you painted a picture.
This must be a symbolic painting of how he feels inside.
Is this how you feel inside?
Yeah, see that's you Hank yelling and embarrassing him in front of everyone.
Oh, there's me.
Come on dad, you can finish that tomorrow.
Hey, Dad, wanna grab a beer in the alley?
No.
I'm just gonna go to bed.
I need to get up early and find three aerosol cantops for my craft project.
Boy, I hate to see your dad like this.
Why don't I just look after him so he doesn't have to go back to that place tomorrow?
You'd do that?
Sure.
Dale Tech's a bust.
Guess it's the wrong economic climate to be an expensive, poorly trained visionary.
You really shouldn't feel so worthless.
I'm much more of a burden on my family, and I feel great.
This show's over.
I can't stand to see you like this, sir.
I'm the one who broke you, so I'm gonna fix this.
Hey, did you ever see one flew over the cuckoo's nest?
You're Jack Nicholson.
Are you crazy?
This might be easier if you lie down.
Now you're showing some life?
Geez, this kind of complicates things.
Hey, wait!
I know that smell.
Someone has been monkeying around at my boy's house.
And I know who it is.
Good for you, sir.
Hot Birk, I'm not some old screw-up.
Now, all I need is some proof.
Gribble, I'm hair and dail tech.
Oh, no.
I've styled myself.
It's OK, sir.
They'll change you at the Sunset Day Center, where we will be all day.
The trap has been set.
Now the waiting begins.
God, the waiting is interminable, isn't it?
Hello, Mr. Khan!
I don't know what you're talking about.
You think I drink juice and move hillbilly furniture around?
I know you did.
Nobody in my boy's house or even this neighborhood uses pomade.
I can smell it on you, and I can smell it on this pillow.
Now, confess.
You have no proof.
Who gonna believe you?
You're just some crazy old man.
Oh, yeah?
Hello.
Coast clear.
Hey, slow down.
That juice is expensive for poor hillbillies like us.
Oh, you're right.
I shouldn't have done that.
I'm a very bad redneck, Peggy Hill.
Okay, you caught me.
I drink Hank's juice.
Let's call it a day.
Sure, you.
Hmm, maybe I teach you a lesson.
After all, I'm always blabbing about being a substitute teacher.
Does Hank you know about this?
If he did, you wouldn't be alive.
You look as sexy to me as propane tank.
I tell you what.
I promise never to do it again.
We go back to library reading room if we need cheap thrill.
Please don't tell Hank Hill.
I'll give you anything you want.
I don't need anything from you.
But my boy does.
I want you to give him his privacy hedge.
You're gonna pay for it.
You're gonna build it.
And you're gonna thank him for the privilege.
And you have to subscribe to a year of Dale Tech services.
Ah!
Okay.
Hey, this tape pretty good.
Can I keep it?
Huh, I didn't even know there was a case and you solved it.
Who would have guessed it was Khan?
I didn't guess, boy.
I did some old-fashioned police work.
Well, however you did it, good job.
Officer Hill, Rainey Street, thanks you.
You impersonating an officer, boy?
Put that hand down.
I still don't see what's so funny about you sneaking in my house just to move stuff around.
Oh yeah, it'd be a funny loss.
Number one reality show.
I'm not sleepy!
