A Texas native license plate.
Oh, it's got that new license plate smell.
Boy, a set of those sure would look sharp on my truck.
Heck, they'd look sharp anywhere.
I'll tell you who I'm talking about.
I'm adding them down on 20% of the Blue Book value, man.
That is a capital idea with a capital I. Then all three of us will have them.
No offense, Bill.
You being from Luzerana.
My plate's usually so covered with mud anyway.
No, I really want one.
It's okay, Bill.
You can ride with me after I put my new plates on.
I don't care where you're from.
Thank you, Hank.
Just duck down whenever I pass another real Texan.
Any sign of my birth certificate yet?
To be perfectly honest, no.
I better call my mom.
I'm pretty sure the licensed people are gonna need to see a birth certificate.
Otherwise, you'd have a bunch of Oklahomans trying to get Texas native plates.
Mom?
Look, this isn't a social call.
I'm just phoning to get a copy of my birth certificate.
Your birth certificate?
Well, it might make you think I'd have something like that because I wouldn't.
And I don't!
Well, that was weird.
Well, I found my birth certificate.
Seven pounds, six ounces.
Perfect.
Hey, Dad.
Got your little housewarming present.
A basket of fruit.
Peggy made it up for you.
It's mostly oranges.
Is that a kiwi in there?
You know how I feel about hairy fruits.
Yeah.
So, uh, hey, when you were packing up the house in Houston, did you happen to come across my birth certificate?
Oh.
I think I got enough room in this cracker box for your baby crap.
Well, maybe you could have kept my birth certificate and tossed out some of those videos.
Those videos are a G8.
They mean something to me.
Diddy!
Get the camera!
He's doing it again!
I didn't know those two hadn't spoken in four years.
I'd swear they were in some kind of conspiracy.
Well, either this is your dream, and I am in it, or this is your life, and your parents are acting weird because you're adopted.
Adopted?
No.
Now, my dad hates adopted children.
Exactly.
Which is why Cotton treats your brother, G.H., who we know for sure is not adopted, much better than you, whose parentage is... Let's face it, a question mark.
My mom wouldn't just hang up on me for no reason.
God, maybe I really am adopted.
Well, there would be clues.
Think back to when you were a child.
Now, Hank, did your parents ever tell you you were adopted?
Hank?
Hank?
How do I even know that's my name?
My real parents might have called me Henry or Chris.
God, Peggy, what if I'm a Chris?
Well, if I was adopted, that means my real dad could be anybody.
Hey, maybe even Tom Landry.
I do have his strong chin and love for the flex defense.
I wonder if I would have called him dad or coach.
Ah, who am I kidding?
It would have been sir.
Uh-huh.
Before we sue the Landry estate for child support, I'm gonna need your social.
1-3-5-0-1-6-6-2-9
Now we download, enter.
9%, 57%, 100%.
Hank, are you standing on the cable?
It says here your birth parents were Tilly and Cotton Hill.
Well, I guess that's a relief.
At least I can keep loving my mom.
Let me take a look.
Place of birth.
New York, New York.
How come you never told me I was born in New York?
What?
New York?
Ah, you wasn't.
You was adopted.
Yeah!
Oh, worth 50 bucks I ever spent.
Could've got me a matching pair of Chinese babies for 10.
I was born in New York City.
Of your seed.
Ah, Hank.
I always knew the day would come when I'd have to tell you the whole sad story.
Maybe it was my fault for loving your mother so much.
Back when she was still worth loving.
Tilly had always wanted to see New York City.
She heard about it at the beauty parlor.
Well, you weren't new for another few weeks, so I bought Tilly a fancy new maternity dress and took her to the rainbow room.
A place as romantic as it was expensive.
Oh hell, your mama loved to dance.
Maybe I dipped her too hard, or maybe old blue eyes greased the rim.
Next thing I know, we're trying to keep you from making your debut on Broadway.
Three days later, we took a premature bundle of you back to Texas.
I never told you because I didn't think you were man enough to handle it.
Not being born in Texas, you weren't.
Well, thank you, I guess, for not leaving me there.
Don't thank me, thank your mother.
No, ah, I mean, don't mention anything to her.
She's never forgiven herself for birthing you outside Texas.
It'd kill her if she knew you found out.
Well, maybe it should.
I-I don't mean that.
PAPFIT?
Meh.
Remember that thing we said we're gonna do but never did?
No, no, no.
We did that.
We did the hell out of that.
I mean, that other thing.
I think it's time we finally completed our mission.
Peggy, being born in New York makes me no better than Tony Randall.
Now, Hank, if being born here is so important, why did you marry me?
I didn't marry you right away.
Believe me, I had to pray on it.
Maybe you should have opened your eyes and then your Bible, Hank.
Red and yellow, black and white, we are all precious in his sight.
Nothing in there about New York.
Well, Sodom is in there, Hank, and Gomorrah, and they are New York as all get out.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
Or should I say, yada, yada, yada.
Hank, should I?
Shut up, Dale.
Boy, you New Yorkers really are rude.
That is what Joseph's been telling everyone at school, True, about where you're from.
I'm sorry, Bobby.
I'm from New York.
Always knew I had a little New York in me.
Now I know where it came from.
Did you meet Woody Allen and hang out in the village?
I left when I was three days old, okay?
Oh, ever think about moving back?
No.
Oh, we can get in here and give me a hand.
I ain't getting to no damn hole until I'm dead.
Never mind.
Damn it, Dale.
This is for the $20 gift certificate to the Arroyo Diner.
Now, what is the name of the 50-foot-tall cowboy that greets visitors to the Texas State Fair?
Oh, that's easy.
It's, uh... Wait a sec.
I know this.
Dang it.
Is it Big Tex?
That's right!
Big Tex.
Go back to New York!
I can't even drive like a Texan anymore, Peggy.
I think my truck might be too much vehicle for me.
Dad, come on, you'll be okay.
You just need what mom likes to call closure.
I think we should all go to New York.
The only closure I need is of your mouth, mister.
Mom?
Dad told me everything.
I know that I was born in New York.
Oh, Hank, I'm so, so sorry.
I wanted to say something, but I didn't want to hurt you.
Don't pretend you were looking out for me.
You were looking out for you.
You and your romantic getaway to the big, rotten apple.
Wait!
Cotton's trying to pin this on me?
It was his idea to go to New York?
What?
Well, then one of you is not telling the truth.
Ah, hell, I know it's him.
Your father dragged me pregnant to New York.
Then he dragged me to a baseball game at Yankee Stadium.
It was unseasonably one that day and all I wanted was... A glass of water.
Suck on it, Pamela.
Keep looking storked up.
Y'all are ticking through the police line.
You should have stayed in Washington on your unofficial visit.
Now they're going to have to carry you out on a seventh inning stretcher.
Woman with Venus coming through!
Have a cigar, you witching Cuban son of a bitch!
I was born in the ladies room at Yankee Stadium.
And in midnight we rendezvous in San Antonio with one Jorge Lopez.
As you know, he's half Mexican, half Cuban.
For this job, we'll be using a half that's Cuban.
How are we gonna get to San Antonio?
We can't all fit in your Cadillac car.
I guess I could take a few people in my Cadillac car, but I don't wanna.
You idiot, we can't use our own cars!
Remember how the cops tracked you down when you hit that fire hydrant?
We're hitting more than a fire hydrant this time!
I know the truth, Dad.
Mom told me everything.
The ladies' room, Yankee Stadium, Mr. Fidel Castro.
So the pig squealed, huh?
Well, I guess I can't blame her.
That's what pigs do.
It's your fault I was born in New York, and I can't drive my truck, and I tried a bagel, and I actually liked it.
His truck?
No.
No more lies.
I loved that bagel.
Go to hell.
But I am in hell.
I spent these last 40 years tearing myself up for letting my first son be born outside Texas.
Are you apologizing?
I think you deserve one.
Oh, if I could just shove you back in your mother and do it all over again in Texas, I would.
Dad.
Tell you what, Hank.
Let me make it up to you.
We'll go out tonight.
Race some hell.
We'll make you one of us, a real Texan.
And we can all go in your track.
Come on, Hank.
All I'm asking for is a second chance.
Well, a real Texas man's night out.
That's just what I needed, I'll tell you what.
Sure.
Just give me the keys.
You know, this is the first time we've gone shooting together that you haven't humiliated me.
I'm having a ball.
Oh, that's nice.
Now give me the gun.
We still got to get to San Antonio by midnight and pick up Lopez.
Now who's Lopez?
Yeah, well, oh, how's this?
Lopez's is the best barbecue takeout in the state.
Oh yeah, and this here too.
Oh, well, boy, that's a lot of knives and flares and stuff for, uh, what exactly?
Uh, that's right.
You go into Lopez's, dressed like a commando, you get half off.
barbecue at midnight?
Well, good luck finding that in Manhattan.
Hey, there's another Texas plate.
Hey, take a drink.
I'd just like to tell Buck Strickland to kiss off.
Oh my goodness!
The cradle of Texas Liberty?
Hank, every Texan ought to have his picture taken in front of the Alamo.
Would you be in it with me, Dad?
No, but I'll let you hold today's newspaper and Topsy's gun.
Make you look like a real Texan.
Now, what does a newspaper have to...
What took you long enough?
So Lopez?
That's Lopez?
He knows too much.
Huh?
Hank, close your eyes and put out your hands.
Time for real Texas surprise.
Tapsie, get the rope.
Okay, now I do know too much.
You got me a genuine Texas lasso like I wanted for my ninth birthday, right?
I tell you, Dad, just when I think I've got you figured out,
Hey, this isn't a lasso.
It's clothesline.
Oh, yeah.
For a New Yorker, you ain't got much street smarts.
I'm not a New Yorker.
I became a Texan when I ate the worm.
Ah, you didn't chew it, and you ate a Texan.
You're a passy from New York.
Patsy, but the point of this whole trip was to leave me drunk and Texan the point of tonight is to kill Castro and bring back his chin Pelt what about making me a Texan wait all this was about trying to frame me
Oh, you won't fry for it.
We're just covering our own tracks.
Who'd believe you'd be man enough to kill Castro?
Dad, you can't kill Castro.
For God's sakes, you're not even supposed to drive at night.
Now untie me, the game is over.
Lopez, take his clothes.
Stinky, throw him over the fence.
41 years old and I didn't see it coming.
I've got to hide my nudity.
Hello?
Anyone here?
What the... These 32 flags honor the birthplaces of the Alamo defenders.
Kentucky, Tennessee, Ohio, New York.
New York.
They were born across America, but they died Texas heroes.
Hello?
Jim Bowie and his knife.
Easy now.
Sorry about this, Mr. Crockett.
Why am I wearing the hat?
Thanks for the lift.
I don't normally hitchhike.
Hey!
Keep moving!
Here!
Hold on!
I suck it up, stinky.
Reigned for 17 days straight at Guadalcanal.
Didn't hear you complain then.
I complained a lot.
Stop.
Ah, it's Little Miss New York.
Okay.
That's enough, Dad.
I may be your son.
I can't change that.
But I'm not about to be your patsy.
Well, I suppose you're... Suck a punch!
You don't have what it takes to stop me.
Do it, Topsy.
Old guy breath.
All right, prepare to cast off.
First, we gotta figure out the direction of the wind.
Who's got saliva?
You know, Colonel, your boy should have come up by now.
Even Topsy can't hold his breath that long.
What?
Oh, all right.
Stinky, you better get him.
Don't shoot him!
Jump in and save him!
All right, Dad.
It's over.
I've got your spark plugs, so you're not going anywhere.
Ha!
We don't need spark plugs.
We'll road to Cuba.
Well, that's how they get here.
I have a doctor's appointment.
I got a Dull Onset Diabetes.
If I don't watch my weight, they're gonna cut off my foot.
Christ, I'm 100.
And it's Puzzle Day at the Rec Center.
I'm gonna finish that sumbitch lighthouse.
Fine, ya sissy girls.
I'll do the job myself.
Hell, I'll swim to Cuba with this wrench between my teeth.
Then I'll pose as a beautiful female plumber.
And then, with a toilet card in the presidential palace, I'll... I'll... I'll... Oh... I just wanted to kill Castro.
I know, Dad.
I know.
Hank, thanks again for calling.
We were starting to get worried.
Take your hands off me, you gutter slut.
Daddy.
Hank, informed sources tell me that you were dead in the water, and then you came back to life, so you were reborn in Texas, which means you are now a native Texan.
No, I'm not a native Texan.
I'm just a Texan.
And I am a Texan too.
I don't remember seeing any Montana flag at the Alamo.
Well, it wasn't a state yet.
Fine, fine, everybody's a Texan.
Change planes in Dallas, you're a Texan.
Well, I suppose... Suck a punch!
