Do you really have to go?
You're old enough to be on your own, Bobby.
Pretty soon, the babysitters are gonna be younger than you.
But, but... Oh, you'll be fine.
I've gotten rid of that hat rack you said looked like the devil.
Have fun.
Hey, Frankenstein monster, in this day and age, I'm telling you, kids...
Chuck Storm on Channel 5 predicts possible moderate breeze for the camping trip.
Uh-huh, uh-huh.
Yep.
I don't know how you girls get along without us every year.
You know, the French onion soup and the minestrone soup sound so good, I think I'm gonna order both.
Two soups?
Yes, in place of an entree.
I crawled into your bed to calm me down, but it just wasn't the same without you guys here.
Bobby, everything would have been fine if you hadn't panicked.
The problem is, you lack confidence.
Give me confidence!
Well, I can't give it to you.
You have to earn it.
Hey, you know, one of the best ways to do that is to rely on yourself in the wild.
Just you against the elements.
I don't know.
I don't want you to get married and have to have your wife tuck you in at night.
You're coming on our camping trip.
Fine.
But I don't know what I can learn in the wild that I can't learn watching Zoobly Zoo.
And I figure if we make this an eat-only-what-you-catch trip, Bobby'll be forced to learn some self-reliance.
That's a great idea.
Once you learn how to light a cigarette with two rocks, you feel invincible.
Yeah, man, just like my dang old Ted Nugent said, man, he don't, he can't don't grill unless you kill it, man.
Like, dang, I don't know.
Yeah, I use my survival training every day.
Yep, being alone in the woods prepared me for being alone, well, everywhere else.
Aw, I'm gonna miss Dale, Shug.
And I will miss my boys.
But you know, I see this as the perfect opportunity to take care of this things-to-do list that's been hanging over my head.
See, boys, off?
Done.
The park department is not responsible for my safety.
Oh, God.
That's right.
You're responsible now.
Oh, already that time of year again, Hank.
Yeah, looks like it.
How are you, Ranger Bradley?
Working so hard, I couldn't tell ya.
What'll it be, the usual?
Yep, old lot number 6347.
We watched that possum family grow up right before our eyes.
So how does it feel to be setting up your own camp for the first time?
I brush my teeth with bug cream and I'm still kind of woozy.
Can we go home?
No, we've got work to do.
We gotta pick up dinner.
Come here, fish.
I'm not gonna hurt you.
Idiot.
That's three for Dale, three for me, four for Boomerower, and nada for Bobby.
And since it's an eat-only-what-you-catch trip tonight, you will be dining on filet of zero.
Shut up, Dale.
Baby, he's right.
I can't do this.
Sure you can, Bobby.
Just remember, to catch a fish, you have to think like a fish.
Mmm.
I'm wet.
And I don't even know it.
No.
Where would you be feeding?
Probably in that algae covered area over there.
That algae does look pretty good.
Nancy, in one day, I have accomplished everything I set out to do.
Do you think it would be gilding the lily to refinance the house while Hanks away?
Oh, someone's beeping in.
Hold on.
Hello, Peggy.
This is Dora Shelwyn from Tom Landry.
Are you retiring?
Uh, no, actually, I just needed the number of your veterinarian.
I have a quick question.
Go ahead.
I meant for the vet.
You see, I bought this minor bird and it just won't talk.
Put the bird on the line.
What?
Trust me, I know what I'm doing.
Okay, bird.
Ra!
I love Dora Shelwyn!
Who's a good bird?
I love Dora Shelwyn!
Ra!
Come on, bird.
I got all day.
Uh... Ra!
I love Dora Shelwyn!
Hmm.
Hmm.
Hey bro.
What?
Oh.
Hi.
If you catch anything we should use this as a plate.
I haven't even seen a fish all day and I'm starving.
I got a hamburger bun top.
Still has most of its sesame seeds.
Bobby, don't take that.
It's okay.
We can split it three z's.
Thank you for the, uh, bun.
But we are only eating what we catch this weekend.
I'm trying to teach my son self-reliance.
No.
I'm trying to teach him self-reliance.
What?
Yeah.
The thing about self-reliance is, it's like, bad?
Hugs or smokes?
Look, I... Oh, God.
Another one?
Okay, I don't know what's going on, but you're gonna have to tell your friends to get out of here.
All of them?
What are they, Dad?
They're hippies, son.
Man, I thought that old Reagan got rid of all him in the 80s, man.
Time to get me to get me, man.
This land is our land.
Welcome home, friend.
Ah, Bobby, back in the tent.
Go away and put on some clothes.
Hey, this isn't Kankos, man.
It's the Gathering.
The what?
The Gathering, bro.
Everyone's here.
Crunchies and hempies, Earthmothers, vegans, hypervegans.
We're all here.
Thousands of us.
This may be the saddest day of my career.
Ranger, how could you have given all these people park permits?
What were you thinking?
Sorry, Hank.
We were blindsided.
They got a bunch of ACLU lawyers to sue, saying the First Amendment allows them to peaceably assemble without a permit.
Oh, don't tell me that's covered by the First Amendment.
Public defecation is protected as long as they say it's a political or artistic statement.
And they do.
Nothing again.
We'll never catch anything.
Fish hate loud hippie drums, and so do I. Hey, yo.
Beautiful drifting gypsy man, collecting empty soda cans.
He whispered, Atlantis is not far away.
Just travel on a mantle ray.
That's beautiful.
It's beautiful.
Dang it, if I have to pull one more hook out of Bill.
Excuse me, sir, but I could not help noticing you're making your salad wrong.
Where are the beets?
Where are the red beans?
I don't know.
You know what?
Yeah, we're just gonna have to start all over.
I made a salad last night that people are still talking about.
I mean, look at us, we're talking about it!
Firewood!
Log nappers!
I'm starving, Dad.
Can't you teach me self-reliance at a restaurant?
I'll order off the adult menu.
Now, calm down.
I found some perfectly good thorn apples and sour berries in the forest.
You go find us some sticks and we can roast them like s'mores.
And do not talk to any hippies.
My name's Fudgie, and that's Topaz.
We met on a turnip farm.
Oh.
What you got in the kettle?
Jumbo gumbo.
How much does it cost for a bowl?
Everything here is free, little guy.
This ain't the Ronald McMoney scene.
People here share with one another.
You give what you can, and you get what you need.
I don't know if I should.
My dad said I can only eat what I catch.
Then catch.
So you're sure this is okay?
My dad wants me to be self-reliant.
In a hundred years, who's gonna care if you are self-reliant or not?
You make a good point, Fudgie.
No, thank you.
I'll probably catch a deer tomorrow, and I want to make sure I'm hungry.
Good for you, Bobby.
You're really hanging in there.
You know what?
If you can wait, I can wait.
Goodbye, gentlemen, and good riddance.
I'm one course of truckin' away from snappin'.
Yeah, man, I like that thing on mandolin, man.
I never sent it so bad.
I got a thing on Bill Monroe spinning his thing on grave, man.
What?
You guys can't get up and leave now.
What kind of lesson is that for Bobby?
A good one.
He can learn from our bad example.
Well, I guess self-reliance isn't for everyone, Dad.
Stellar gumbo, Fudgie.
Just stellar.
This time, don't skimp on the potatoes.
Dig deep.
Sorry, but the gumbo's gone bo.
Oh, that's okay.
I should probably be getting back to my campsite anyway.
Hold on, little guy.
The pot's empty.
It's time for you to share up.
Uh, uh, I don't have anything, but in a hundred years, who's gonna care, right?
Fudgie's hungry now.
And then I'm gonna share your cooler.
Hey, you think your dad's got any money we could share?
Hey, I can trade these for burrito.
Wait!
Those are my dad's fishing poles!
You can't take those!
We only want to share, Guy.
You didn't mind sharing our gumbo, did you?
No.
So we're sharing back?
It's the law of karma.
Promise that you'll bring them back before my dad gets here.
So we're agreed, right?
You'll bring them back?
Yeah, man, sure.
Still no sign of Bill.
He probably got his head stuck in something.
But I'm sure he'll turn up once we start cooking those fish we're about to catch.
Actually, I'm in the mood for more thorn berries or maybe a pine cone.
What the... Bobby, the fishing rods are gone.
You were supposed to be watching this stuff.
I'm sure whoever took them will bring them right back.
Thieves don't return stolen items.
It's just a thing, Dad.
They didn't steal something important like a smile, right?
Bobby, that's just hippie talk.
And all the hippie talk in the world isn't going to get our stuff back.
We have to actually do something about it.
Excuse me, I'm looking for a couple of fishing rods, dual paddle crank handles, 12 pound lines.
Never mind.
I'm really sorry to hear about your fishing poles, man.
Uh, okay.
If anyone can help you, it's the council circle.
There's some real wise bastards there.
Uh, thanks.
Hey, can you give me some money?
No.
Fascist.
It's only with teamwork that we can find Apple Seeds' missing teeth.
Uh, pardon me.
Hank Hill, assistant manager, Strickland Propane.
Shut up, man!
What gives you the ride?
The rules say you can't speak unless you got the feather.
Oh, Bill.
Hey, Hank.
My new name is Energy Turtle.
I've found myself.
Bill, fun's over.
Wash that mud off now and help me find my fishing rods.
No, Hank.
Now, I bet you search for them everywhere except your heart.
Get out of the circle!
He's serious.
No being may speak without the feather.
Okay, where are my fishing rods?
Hey, why'd you come to a gathering if you didn't want to share?
I didn't come to the gathering.
The gathering came to me.
Yeah?
Well, I come to you and gather your face!
Alright, negative vibes.
Negative vibes.
The circle will resume discussion after a round of jumping jacks.
Oh, God, don't ruin jumping jacks.
Looks like we're going to have to drive into town to get new poles.
Bobby, my truck is gone.
What happened?
Whoa.
A talking bear.
My sleeping bag.
Your nudity.
Calm down.
You can join us.
Yeah.
You can hold the yawning.
Bobby, what is going on here?
Dad.
I ate hippie gumbo.
What?
No.
I know I was supposed to be self-reliant, but I was hungry.
And I didn't think I'd ever catch anything.
And they said, since they shared with me, I had to share our stuff with them.
And then they shared our stuff all over the place.
And I'm sorry.
My name's Fudgie.
O Divine Son!
O Divine Son!
We observe your holy wisdom!
We observe your holy wisdom!
So, the Son is God?
Yes!
Wow!
The security camera shows that your truck hasn't left the park.
We'll monitor the exit at all times to make sure it doesn't.
What's your advice here?
Just sit tight.
This park covers 1,000 square miles and it's mushroom season.
Your truck could be anywhere.
Dad, I'm sorry I ruined the trip.
It was all my fault.
Yes, yes it was.
But you just took responsibility and admitted it.
That's the first step towards self-reliance.
What are you doing?
I'm calling your mom to come pick us up.
I guess I'll have to come back later and pack out my truck.
You mean we're just giving up?
The hippies have us surrounded, Bobby.
There's nothing we can do.
But Dad, if we just give up, the hippies might keep coming back forever.
They are like locusts, but I don't know what the heck we can do about it.
I guess we'll just camp somewhere else next year.
Well, maybe it's like what you said.
If you want to catch a fish, you have to think like a fish.
We just have to think like hippies.
That is impossible.
Come on, Dad.
Just try.
Okay.
I'm a hippie.
I'm naked because I smoked all my clothes.
Uh, yeah.
Yeah, and I don't like to work.
Right.
I like everything handed to me.
I'm just like a kid!
Right, an overgrown kid who can't take care of himself.
Figures, this is the one place they're not burning incense.
Stay in school, son.
You know, Ranger Bradley, the First Amendment guarantees the hippies the right to be here.
But as Bobby was pointing out, does it guarantee them the right to these park services?
Yeah, the ranger station shouldn't have to deal with this.
You're telling me, did you know that hippies are the number one source of airborne and riverborne pollution right in front of Dow Chemical and Mexican trucks?
I'm not sure about that, but these hippies have got to go.
What would you say to Bobby and me taking care of them ourselves?
Great.
How many fire hoses do you need?
I've got some pepper spray that could take down a bear.
Uh, uh-huh.
Or maybe we could just cut off some of the park's services.
Well, that doesn't sound quite as interesting, but you're on your own.
Okay, what do we got?
But I'm on a roll!
I want to give strokes and warm fuzzies to Bubble Man for creating limitless bartering periods.
Bobby, grab the feather for me.
but I wasn't finished with my heart song.
Attention, people.
Minutes ago, I spoke with the ranger and due to unforeseen circumstances, all services in the park will be cut off effective immediately.
What?
Oh, no.
This means the porta-potties are no longer available.
We have a right to those potties.
Yes, we do.
Clean water will no longer be provided to you, and as of this moment, the park's snack bar is closed.
Hey, is it just me or am I picking up some negative vibes out there?
Well, here's a positive vibe for you.
You don't need the park to provide services for you because we're going to show you how with a little hard work you can take care of yourselves.
Grab the feather!
Yeah, this will be great.
We'll teach you how to dig your own latrines, maintain your own roads, purify your own water, and catch your own fish.
So what do you say?
Who here is ready to work?
What a drag.
Rumsfeld.
So long now.
Hank, Bobby, I came to say goodbye and wish you much love.
Where are you going?
Dallas, the fish is playing a musical concert there.
We're all gonna live in the parking lot.
See ya.
Will we ever see Mr. Dothrave again?
Around the 15th, that's when he has to report back to work or he's AWOL.
Go to hell!
Good riddance!
Hey, hot mess!
Okay, you drive, I'll push.
On three, punch the gas.
I'm on it!
One, two, three!
Hit it!
Okay, what do you say there, son?
Ready to go home?
Not yet, dad.
We still gotta pick up dinner.
Rawr!
I love Dora Shall win!
