You guys are in big, big trouble.
This is the worst offense I've seen in my 14 years as chief fire investigator.
No, Trev.
Comma.
William Fontaine de la Tour.
Comma.
Sergeant Barber.
Comma.
United States.
Comma, num skull.
Comma, shut up.
Well, gotta go.
Sit down.
Nobody's going anywhere until I find out how this happened.
Now, according to Heck Darlin's statement, you were standing out behind your houses doing some light yard work.
Bill called.
He's going to be late.
New batch of recruits started at the base this morning.
He's busy bagging hair.
There's old heck Dorlan taking the fire truck out for a spin.
Lucky bunny.
I'm a fireman.
I'm a hunter.
Professional firefighters got the red flu this morning leaving just us volunteers and they're holding out for a raise.
They're striking?
Well sir, fires don't go on strike, I tell you what.
The heck came by the base looking for volunteers?
I was the only one the base commander let go.
What about the rest of you guys?
You interested?
He talking about firing man, they don't want to talk about rampart people on rampart people on rampart people on rampart people on rampart people on rampart people on rampart people on rampart people on rampart people on rampart people on rampart people on rampart people on rampart people on rampart people on rampart people on rampart people on rampart people on rampart people on rampart people on rampart people on rampart people on rampart people on rampart people on rampart people on rampart people on rampart people on rampart people on rampart people on rampart people on rampart people on rampart people on rampart people on rampart people on rampart people on rampart people
Volunteer firemen receive sirens for their personal vehicles.
Fact!
And we can use them whenever we want.
Fact!
Dale, sirens are only for fire emergencies.
Now, heck, assuming I pass the required courses and notify my insurance company in writing, will I get to drive the fire truck?
You got any speeding tickets?
No, sir.
I do, I do.
Ooh, spoons.
Can I assume the potatoes will be mashed tonight?
Well, Bobby, your dad is a real fireman.
What do you think about that?
I'm a little surprised.
You know, you always seem to make such a big deal about being a propane salesman.
I've got nights and weekends free.
I could be a fireman, too.
She's right, Hank.
Deputizer.
No, Luan can't be a fireman.
What if a very large man was trapped in a burning building and she had to carry him out?
Then she would do a fire person's carry, formerly known as a fire man's carry.
What's that?
It allows a woman to lift a man's weight through a scientific principle that I like to call leverage.
Now, come over here.
I'll show you.
Oh, yeah!
Oh, no!
Peggy, are you okay?
Well, yes, of course I am.
Okay, let's eat.
I'll start the water flow.
Gribble, you're a nozzle man, so aim at the base of the flame.
What my fault my mask fogged up Dammit Dale the safety and welfare of Ireland is at stake get serious
A good idea, Beef.
All right, it's time you boys met the Jaws.
Jaws of life, a.k.a.
the Jaws.
Victims trapped in a car, this baby will feel it like an orange.
Yeah, let's see what it does with a real orange.
Heck, I thought I'd go ahead and sharpen all the axes.
Hey, it's a lumberjack and he's okay.
Relax, Hank.
We're off the clock.
Hey, say hello to Chet Eldersen, one of Ireland's first volunteer firemen.
Well, what an honor, sir.
Hank Hill, propane and propane accessory.
Aren't you the idiot who had blew up the megalomark?
I was supposed to take my vacation that week.
Idiot?
Uh, actually, sir, the idiot you're thinking of was named Buckley.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm retired now.
Who unplugged my sign?
Chet, you know you can't plug it in.
It don't work right.
I'll get it for ya.
Eek, doggy.
Ah!
How'd I do, Bobby?
Okay.
That's good, boys.
You keep playing fireman.
Thank you.
Let me help you.
Oh, I'm fine.
I've got it.
Did you hurt your leg because you seem to be limping?
Well, I have not noticed a limp.
Maybe it's because I'm carrying a heavy bag.
Well, maybe it has something to do with when you pulled your groin picking me up.
Well, honey, I don't think that could be true since ladies do not have groins.
Alright, let's talk about oxygen tanks.
The cylinder gauge should be within how many psi of the regulator gauge?
Anyone?
I am protesting the results of last night's ping pong tournament.
Boomhauer cannot play the ball off of Bill's head.
No, we all agreed my head's in play.
In the first round, the Dallas Cowboys select Bobby Hill, left tackle.
Hey, Dad.
I told you my dad was a fireman.
He's a volunteer.
Oh, Dad!
We're muddy.
Could you hose us off?
Sure.
I'll open up the hydrant.
Dale, the hydrants are for fire emergencies.
They don't know how to open the hydrant.
because they're volunteers.
Son, you're about to get very, very wet.
Fireman Gribble, drill time.
Get me the hydrogen wrench.
Mr. Boomhower, I need you to run a three inch hose.
Bill, hook it up.
It's stuck.
That's because you're turning it the wrong way.
Give me the wrench.
No, no, wait, wait.
Shut it off!
Shut it off!
Hey!
Damn it, Dale, you stripped the boat!
What me?
Man, run the animal that dang away, man.
Quit it, knucklehead.
The jaws ain't for that.
So you were the ones who busted that hydrant.
We got an anonymous call.
It was a bunch of kids.
Bunch of kids?
I gave you names.
Hill, Bobby, Gribble, Joseph.
Oh, God.
The hydrant's the least of our problems.
He doesn't care about that.
He's right.
I don't.
You half-witch could be looking at jail time.
Uh, my name is Shackleford, Rusty Shackleford.
I refuse to speak without my attorney present.
I am Mr. Shackleford's attorney, Rusty Shackleford.
My client pleads insanity.
My name is Dothriev Comma Bill, and I am also insane.
Oh.
Gribble, you've had your phone call.
I know, but now I'm making one of Shackleford.
You see what I have to deal with?
Let's just get back to the matter at hand after you broke the fire hydrant.
Please, guys, we've been given a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity here.
Now let's not do anything more to screw this up.
Now how about running some ladder carry drills?
Not interested.
You pushed me aside, made me look like a fool in front of my own flesh and blood.
Hey, Shage, plug in my element of sound, will ya?
Better not, Dale.
Remember, it doesn't work right.
B-A-B-B-B-I, B-I-B-B-I-B-O-B-O, B-I-B-I-B-O.
I said not to.
Hey, I found it covered with all kinds of jerky in it.
You know, I bet we could use this lid as a frisbee.
Hey, catch, Hank.
Hey!
What the dang on that bear, man?
What do you think you're doing, I mean, on a damn fatty bellbuckle, man?
Hey, kid.
Yeah!
What's that?
What's going on in here?
I'll take care of it.
Boomhower, put some ice on that ear.
Bill, you fix the window.
Dale?
No.
No more orders.
Heck, I cannot work with this man here.
I want a transfer.
Dale, shut up.
You're acting like an idiot.
B-A, Bikki by B-Bo-Bo, Bikki by Bo.
That's enough.
Either you guys get along, or I'll find four others who can.
Health care for striking firefighters.
Oh, Aunt Peggy, it looks like your groins are still hurting you.
I just need to spend a night icing it.
Thank God Hank's sleeping at the fire station tonight.
Why don't you just admit to him that you hurt yourself picking up Bobby?
Oh, honey, you've never been married.
Now, who left the... What?
Yah!
Yah!
What the?
You can't use the fire hose like this.
You'll damage the elasticity.
What you got under the foil, Mr. Party Pooper?
Some party poop?
Uh, Peggy made some Frito Pie for us.
There you go.
Hey, Dale, I was ahead when Hank ruined our game, so I win, right?
Wrong.
You automatically lose.
But I'll go double or nothing on the ping pong court.
Alright.
Okay.
Okay, fellas, time to hit the hay.
Knock it off.
Game's not over yet.
Pick it up tomorrow.
Hey, man, head's up.
Man, I'm about to find out Frito Pie, man.
Give me the ball, dammit.
There.
There.
Dang it Bill, that was my only pair of glasses.
Dang it Hank, that was our only ball.
Hey man, there was a dang old scarf on that man.
My face hurts.
And it'll match your ass when I'm done kicking it.
No!
No firehack!
I'm stuck.
Good night.
Are you guys playing with that busted ball now?
I got bad news, man.
Chet Ellerson died.
Natural causes.
Oh, what a shame, bummer, man.
Very sad.
Oh, ho!
Cran out loud!
Come on, Hank, pick up the pace.
I can't see where I'm going.
Damn you, Bill.
Shh, man, I don't think I'll disrespect the man.
I didn't lift Bill, man.
I am.
It's Dale.
He's faking it.
I am not.
Dale, no wonder my hand feels so heavy.
Get your hands on the casket.
It's bad luck.
Oh, no.
Told you it was bad luck.
Oh!
Hank, I want to off... Don't!
I mean, I just wanted to... No, you cannot speak to me ever again.
That goes for me too, Faker.
Why don't you eat some more pizza?
It's all you ever do is eat pizza.
No wonder your bald and your wife left you.
Well, dang it, way man, man.
Hey!
I'm burned!
All of you, go to bed.
It's four in the afternoon.
What did I tell you about talking to me?
Stop the fighting!
This is no way to honor the memory of Chet Elderson.
I think I shall honor Chet's memory by plugging in his beloved Alamo beer sign.
Code 44, Goober Smooches Restaurant, engine 91, respond.
Code 44, our first fire, let's go, move it out!
Fire's out, man.
Well, that's good, I guess.
I was down the street having a plaque made.
I thought we'd rename the station to Chet Elderson Firehouse, since he didn't get a decent burial.
They're calling all units!
Where is it?
Oh my god.
Where do you want us, Chief?
Back in the grave with Chet Elderson.
Uh-uh.
I hereby dedicate you the Chet Elderson Firehouse.
Sir, I've kept a journal of all the violations.
These three nincompoops have committed, and I'll be more than happy to turn it over.
I've read that journal.
It's all lies.
Hank did it.
Bill did it, too.
I begged them not to.
You chicken-necked ass!
I'll kill you!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Well, I thought you guys had reached your peak when your pants shed out as soon as the funeral.
But then you outdid yourself by burning down your own firehouse!
Not me.
It was these screw-ups.
Well, maybe this is the wrong time to bring us up, but we are only volunteers.
We're gonna go over every minute of what happened before you lame brains left for goober smooches.
Then I'll know which one of you to bring up on charges.
Gribble, you first.
Well, as usual, I was performing rigorous fire safety checks on the station house.
Bill had his face buried in a French bread pizza.
Hank was giving orders for a change, and Boomhauer thought being a fireman meant a chance to work on his tan.
Of course, he didn't realize his tanning lotion had been replaced with some icy hot, Hank bought for Peggy's humiliating groin pull.
But then the fire alarm went off, and Boomhauer knocked over his tanning lamp as he bolted upright.
I raced for the fire truck with lightning speed.
Uh, uh, that's all I remember.
Nah, no way, man.
Don't gribble and talk about the crazy crap, man.
I'll tell you what happened there.
That ain't no truth, man.
Bill, man, I want to throw that in the flip.
Boom, man, right in my ear, man.
Yeah, hey, there you are, the dang ol' doctor, man.
Don't that gunman take away freedom at most?
Man, there you are, the dang ol' yo, man.
Hey, man, I'll tell you what, man.
The dang ol' boy ain't right.
Man, I'm gonna talk about him kickin' him dang ol' ass, man.
I don't take... For God's sakes, Hank.
Act like an adult, man.
And keep it down, guys, will ya?
I am trying to get through an article on vintage Camaros, and I've been on the same dang page for 20 minutes.
Dang ol' pretty, pretty page, I'll tell you what.
So you're saying that Bill left the oven on?
Not true.
OK.
I have a weakness for pizza.
I have a lot of weaknesses, actually.
But I distinctly remember turning off the toaster oven.
Let's see.
Then I had myself a little dessert.
Okay, so I turned off the toaster of it just like I said.
Well, what happened after the fire alarm went off?
I was in the garage getting bunkered out.
Dale was on a tailboard switching the oxygen tanks.
What do you mean switching the tanks?
Why would you switch the oxygen tanks?
Oh, let's face it.
Me, Bill, and Boom Hour had no idea what we were doing.
You're the only real fireman among us.
I saw your tank was running low, mine was full, and I knew you'd need every molecule of oxygen to carry our charred bodies out of that raging inferno.
So, the fire could have been caused by Gribble's smoking, Boom Hours Tannin, or Dothrieve's incessant cooking.
It could have been, but it wasn't, and I'll tell you why it wasn't, I'll tell you what.
We had finally realized our boyhood dreams.
We'd become firefighters.
Except instead of fighting fires, we were busy fighting each other.
Anyway, the fire alarm went off.
and I sprung into action.
I switched off the lamp, turned off the stove and put out the cigarette.
I ran toward the fire truck and I saw Dale fiddling in the back.
I didn't know that he was busy switching the oxygen tanks.
Awfully nice thing of him to do since we weren't even on speaking terms.
Still aren't.
Then I put my blinker on to pull out.
Wait a minute.
I remember seeing some kind of yellow light in the mirror.
I know what caused the fire.
Somebody plugged in that stupid Alamo beer sign.
And I'll tell you who that somebody had to be.
That somebody had to be.
Chet Elderson.
I did not.
Chet Elderson.
Yep, Chet was always trying to plug it in.
He loved that sign.
But the dang thing didn't work right.
It threw off sparks and, well, it was just a real fire hazard.
Isn't that right, Dale?
Uh, yes.
Chet Elderson must have plugged that sign in the last time he was at the station.
What a moron!
May he rest in peace.
Right, Bill?
Right!
Yeah, the sounds like Chet.
See what, man?
The old gold dragon on there, Chet, nothing through the mud, man.
The old Dale's one did it, man.
You know, they didn't leave no Chet alone, man.
So each and every one of you believes that Chet Elderson started that fire.
Ah.
Well, it doesn't surprise me.
I told him a half a dozen times not to plug in that sign.
I don't know.
Chet was one heck of a fireman.
I hate the soil is good name.
Well, guess we could just call it an electrical fire.
Accidents do happen.
Good idea.
That's what we'll do.
You're free to go.
Well, I heard Mrs. Brock Morton's looking to hire four plumbers.
No.
It's all the bear we can drink.
Okay, I could use a beer.
Yep, yep.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, yeah!
Bikki-bobby-bo-bo, Bikki-bobbo!
