Can you believe it, Min?
Ted was on a song actually invite us to his home.
What a place.
I can't tell if that's a high-def TV or window overlooking African safari.
You know, it's funny.
Even another person's money can make me happy.
Oh, man!
Look at that swimming pool.
The classic simple rectangle, the tiles so tastefully filigreed.
That is the pool of a man of substance.
Welcome, Con Admit.
I hope you're enjoying yourselves.
Your home is beautiful, Ted.
Thank you.
As fellow Laotians, I knew you would appreciate the lowland influences on the architecture and decor.
Yeah!
So, did it come with that pool or did you have to put it in?
Min, Khad, I'd like you to meet my dear friend, the gukfang.
Legendary Lao guerrilla fighter who lead brave assaults against communist forces?
I am that same soldier.
How about that, Min, this guy's serious butt-kicker.
Anyway, I'm sorry they kill all your friends.
Yes, that was unhappy for me.
But every day, I devote to honoring their memory, to preserving the culture of our people.
Yeah, well, that sounds good.
Now, about the pool.
What do you think a smaller version of it on my backyard cost?
And remember, I want same tiles you use with Ted Wilson's aunt's pool.
Right.
Here's my estimate.
Yep.
Yep.
My dreams are shattered.
Yep, mine too.
Have a beer.
Ever since I see Tedgepool, I can't think of nothing but having one in my own backyard.
But it's too expensive!
Well, it doesn't have to be.
A pool is basically a concrete shell with a suction and return system and some motor-assisted plumbing.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Yeah, you just need to find a few guys who enjoy doing construction in their spare time and offer them the rights to use the pool.
Something's happening here.
Oh my god, we're gonna build a pool!
Really?
We're gonna!
This hard hat is my armor.
When you're working construction, your head is still your most valuable tool, so you've got to protect it.
A rectangular pool.
It'll be like having a mid-level motel next door.
I can't believe it.
That giant hole filled with dirt is the place I'm gonna spend the rest of my childhood.
Well, before you do, you're gonna train in swimming, CPR, and pool etiquette.
Huh.
I'm still excited.
Is it possible that our life has finally achieved total perfection?
Tell me, what is Connie's grade point average?
Is it A?
A plus.
And what kind of steak is that?
Is it choice?
Prime.
And the pool in my backyard, is it a hallucination?
No, it's real.
So it is true then.
Our lives are nearly perfect.
Only missing element is membership in Nine Rivers Country Club.
Well, Ted Wasanasong is on membership committee.
Of course, and he like us now.
Oh, this coming together very nicely.
Oh, hello, Ted.
Well, this is hilarious.
I'd just come to shop for new five iron, but then I'll run into you guys.
Oh, God.
Good to see you.
We're on our way to distribute food to the poor.
Is that you for missing for playing round of golf because I'm in?
God, you do know that it's Maka Pusat today, don't you?
It is one of our most sacred holidays.
All right.
I guess it slipped my mind.
But only momentarily, because tonight, Min and I throw Macapusa celebration dinner at all house.
I insist that you both join us.
Well, that would be super.
I accept.
Really?
Oh, OK, then.
I see you tonight.
You know, it's so nice that lately, you and I able to spend more time to... Todd, the poor.
Oh yes, the poor.
I, uh, I hope they get more money soon.
Good morning.
We're here to sign my son up for a course in CPR.
We're essentially getting a pool.
Well, we have a basic one-day course.
We also have a two-week course which includes advanced emergency care for infants and seniors.
He'll take the two-week course.
What?
Your grandfather might come to visit and I'd like to be able to say we did everything we could.
Gentlemen, I'd like to make a toast.
To a man whose backyard soil was of a consistency which made for hassle-free excavation and had no interfering sewage lines.
Hey, Kod!
Dinner guests are here!
Already?
Oh, I wanted everything perfect!
Start assembling my poo furniture!
Good evening, Kod.
I hope...
I hope it's all right if I brought a few of our Laotian friends.
Suddenly!
I think we got an alpino coladas!
Maga Pujar just starting in backyard!
And ta-da!
Ted!
Look who is getting a swimming pool!
Yeah, redneck neighbors built it for me.
Maybe next I have them build me railroad.
I've had for revenge.
Khan, the railroads were built by the Chinese, not Laotians.
The same difference.
It's just a joke.
Maybe too far?
A word if we may.
Noguk and I feel that you've become grievously disconnected from your heritage.
It's as though you've completely forgotten that you're Lao.
That's not true!
Take a look around, Conn.
Can you point to one Lao artifact in your home?
Can you recall the last conversation you had that was not in English?
In our homeland, the Lao man is oppressed by his government.
But inside of you, the Lao man is oppressed by himself.
You destroy your own ethnic identity.
It is sterilized in the chlorinated waters of your swimming pool.
Oh.
You become what is known as a banana.
Banana?
Consider the properties of a bonadacon.
Its skin is yellow, but its insides are white.
But... But are not white!
Okay everyone, sticks on!
Who needs ketchup?
They call me banana man.
They're crazy, right?
Of course.
You're very Asian.
Very loud.
But Ted's say there are no visible evidence of my heritage.
People magazine.
Didn't we have a subscription to Chang No Bori Mao weekly?
I guess it must have run out.
Then not one stinking trace of our homeland in this place.
If stranger walk in here, he says, ah, this must be where Johnny Smith live.
Not con, soofa, con stoopa.
Oh my god!
I cannot say my own name!
Oh, calm down now!
You can still say your own name?
You're just freaking out right now!
You spoke perfect loud to your own mother just last week!
Wait, are you saying goodnight or are you cursing at me?
You see, Connie can't even speak loud!
That is messed up, man!
Maybe alright.
We could connect a little more to our heritage.
Yes.
That's an excellent plan.
Connie, you remember the gong we hit during American Idol?
Let me show you what it's really for.
Huh.
These wades weren't here yesterday.
Hands off, Redneck.
That's my salary.
The loud people are self-sufficient.
We grow our own food.
We don't rely on big supermarket to nurse us like helpless calf at mother's teat.
Well, okay then.
We're gonna swim now.
Have fun, hopeless Americans.
Enjoy splashing around in your river that leads to nowhere.
Yeah, great to be back in touch with my roots.
Me and my beautiful piece by Lao artist, painting of people toiling in rice paddies.
It's great to support Lao culture, Con.
But your home is still a shrine to American material luxury.
I guess I'm a little confused.
I cannot help but notice your state of the art home theater system in your foca garage.
Sure, I own all these things, but they don't owed me.
I'll try to explain.
This is Man of Luang Nam Tha, carved by a native Highlander, born 300 years ago.
It's the embodiment of the Lao spirit.
This is my link.
As long as I carry this, everything else is meaningless.
So, I just keep one of those in my pocket, and I can have a big screen TV.
You got an extra one of those guys lying around?
Unfortunately, you're not ready yet.
It wouldn't mean to you what it means to me.
So, what for dinner?
Is that a joke?
You know damn well, it's rice and meat.
Oh, of course.
I get so used to American diet of extreme variety.
Yeah, this better.
Oh.
Yeah!
Can you show it?
Show it here!
I will now tell stories of my childhood in Los.
Growing up in the village, I had two chickens.
One of them was named a fuma.
Marco!
Carlos!
Yes, Lacey!
All right, ready?
I don't recall the name of the other chicken, but sometimes I would put both of the chickens in the wheelbarrow.
This was very funny.
I have a submarine.
Go, Lacey!
Go, Lacey!
You know, sometimes I think I'd like to visit Indiana.
Is that weird?
Man, you know, then I'll go with that feeling, man.
I think that's a great dream, Hank.
Thank you.
Boy, Kahn's in there right now beating himself up for God knows why when he could be out here floating under the stars.
It's wild.
Ten yards away a man suffers, but I'm still completely able to enjoy his pool.
I guess I'm just growing up.
Would it shame our entire people if I sit on chair?
This is not about comfort.
This is about being true to who we are.
It about never being called banana again.
What we need is to focus harder.
Look who passed!
Way to go, Bobby!
Yay!
Congratulations, man.
That's it, the pool!
Oh, God!
Con, what the hell did you do to our swimming pool?
It now reflecting pool.
We need peaceful space in which we can meditate.
We had a deal.
Oh, you had deal with old Con.
The homogenized Americanized Con.
That Con no longer exist and neither does pool.
I learned CPR for nothing.
I went to school on a Saturday.
So help me, the only thing keeping me from wishing a pox on your house is that your house is next to my house and the pox could spread.
And Connie finally getting used to eating fermented fish chunks and rice husks.
So how does it feel, Conn, to rediscover your roots?
Uh, well, it's not always fun.
But as I recall, life in Laos not always so fun.
So I guess I'm on right track, right?
Rug?
Oh, dear.
Conn, right now the Laos community is not taken seriously.
The Cuban exile community in Florida is taken very seriously.
Do you know why?
Uh,
Gloria Estefan?
No.
They wield political influence in this country while maintaining ties to rebel groups in their mother country.
In the mountains of our homeland, there is still a small but determined movement, a resistance to the communist regime.
Imagine it, Khan, a free and a dependent laus.
Yeah, that sounds great!
With men like Ted was on a song leading the way, the dream can become real.
Yes, but an undertaking like this can only work with total commitment.
Oh, I'd be happy to write a cheque.
No, Khan.
We want you to join the armed resistance and fight for us on the front lines.
Front lines?
Oh, yes, Khan, there may be risks, but I wonder, is life as a banana better than death?
Or is it worse?
Will you join us, Khan?
Of course he will join us.
He is a proud Lao man, willing to shed his blood for our mother country.
That's crazy!
For the first time, I feel pride.
I feel like true Laotian.
And you say it crazy.
I'm saying that in matter of days, you chuck older furniture and pick up machine gun.
Maybe it's time to take stock.
You know what I think.
I think you starting to sound a lot like... A banana!
God, that's ridiculous.
No time to argue.
I have training, then I suppose to build sandbag fortress around Ted's house.
You can stop hulling rice.
We're going to Wetterberger.
Come on.
Nice shot, Tom.
So then, I'll...
My cock!
You!
I'll disgrace!
You won't survive five minutes in combat!
Especially you.
I can't have this.
I talked Councilman Everett into making the first Tuesday in May, Loud Freedom Day.
We are parading from the Nail Salon to the Boba Tea Shop, and we are going to look smart doing it!
Samangmung, Yogwalin!
Yip.
Yip.
What happened to your face, Khan?
Finally steal a pull from someone who knows how to fight?
No.
It's a training accident.
I take butt of a rifle to the face.
Ha!
What poetic justice.
You steal a pull and then the butt of a rifle steals the...
the health of your face.
Hey, you treat me with respect.
I happen to be Colonel in Ted Wasana Song's army.
Uh, yeah, I still don't really get what that is.
I just want the goddamn pool back, so clean it up, and then you can spend the rest of your life running around like a jackass with Ted Wasana Song.
Running around like jackass?
Ah, shows what you know.
At any moment, Ted could call me, say code word Siddhartha, and then not just running around like jackass anymore, buddy boy.
Uh-huh.
And what happens when Ted says Siddhartha?
Well, we get on cargo plane and find a louse.
If we are not blown apart by anti-aircraft fire, we parachute into mountains.
If we're not shot on way down, or die on impact, we march into capital.
And then, well, we probably all be shot or run over with tank.
Some of us make it take in prisoner, and then most likely they torture us or re-educate us, and then...
Put us in there, army.
Anyone else notice he cuts a pretty nice figure in uniform?
When Elton returns, she's making fajitas with Justin Timberlake!
Don't start, Khan.
I'm not turning it off.
Who were her guests?
Nick Lachey and Jessica Simpson.
What were they plugging?
Fitness tape.
Oh, when I was a banana, I would have eaten that up with a spoon.
You know, I'm getting sick and tired of that word.
You and me both.
I don't know what's worse, being sent on suicide mission in Laos, or having Ted was on a song.
Tell me, I'm sorry, Khan, but your salute is not crisp enough.
Why you let Ted Wasana Song tell you what to do, what to like, what to think?
Isn't that why we fled the Communist in Laos and the Homeowners Association in Orange County?
Well, yeah, but- Khan, don't you want to hear beautiful strains of Brahms come off Connie's violin?
To eat yourself silly on baby back ribs and then fall backwards in your sparkling swimming pool like those iced tea ads you love so much.
Hey, Ted.
I want to thank you for making me remember who I am and where I come from.
But I won't be needing these anymore.
I don't understand.
How do you plan to parade without your uniform?
Oh, my parading days are done.
It's like this.
If you want someone to play around with golf, give me a call.
If you want someone to feel guilty about the way they choose to live, call someone else.
Omega!
This is good living, eh?
You know, someday, maybe I'll buy you out, bulldoze your home, and extend the pool to Olympic side.
Well, that's a dream, I guess.
Yes.
But this is real.
Bobby.
Not again, Mr. Dothrave, can't you just chill?
Thank you, Bobby.
It's just y'all!
Maybe too far?
