Sports jock and Chad, we're back.
Now don't tell me sports jock took pickings over, Kearney.
Well, Chad, if you don't want me to tell you, I won't tell you.
Change of subject.
Here's a topic for the sports jock.
Arlen High's very own senior running back, Ricky Suggs.
Everybody drink quiet.
Oh, yeah four touchdowns last night Now I was at the Arroyo diner and Ricky was the only thing anyone was talking about that is except for the Arroyo's lime ambrosia Mm-hmm.
I call that uptown good eating
You know, if Ricky keeps up this pace, he'll capture the career touchdown record, which I might add, has stood for over 20 years.
Well, it looks like we've got our sports jock and chad question of the day.
Who currently holds that record?
And here's the tricky part.
What position did he play?
Winter gets a sports jock t-shirt and dinner for two at the Arroyo.
Oh, damn.
We're sports jock and chad.
Two faces, better off in radio.
We'll be right back.
Yo, man, they ain't gonna build those trees, man.
They ain't gonna fence the blind man.
I don't want to miss it if Ricky ties my record.
I'm going to the little lineman room now.
This record is all Bill's got.
Should we rock paper scissors to see who keeps him from killing himself in the bathroom?
Well, he seems okay.
Who is it?
I'm out of focus.
Focus me Hank.
It's Ricky.
He's going to take it back all the way.
That ties the record for career touchdown currently held by class of 74, Bill Doe-3, who's here in the stands tonight.
Let's give them both a hand.
You the man, Ricky!
Well, I don't think we have to worry about Bill.
I've never done a radio interview before, but hardly a week goes by that I don't do a telephone survey about my long-distance service.
Bill, I'm not trying to make you nervous, but this is the sports jock in Chad.
No, I just see it like talking to some old friends.
Excuse me.
Maybe I need a bit.
Okay, this is it.
Hello, sports dog!
Hello, Chad.
Hey, hold on, we got a little feedback here.
Is your radio on, Bill?
Say no!
Say no!
Hell, it would just tear me up if some young buck was about to get my record.
Some folks drink, but I find what's best for what else me is to head on down to the Arroyo diner for their delicious chicken fried steak just sopping in cream gravy.
Mmm, that is uptown.
But let's get back to Bill.
I like the yam biscuits.
Bill, our listeners want to hear about your record.
Oh, yeah.
It was 1974 and we were playing the Waihachi Cowboys.
The ball was on the three yard line with five seconds left.
We needed a touchdown to win and that's when coach called for the Build-O-Zer.
Yep, chipped my spine on that play.
Well, look at Bill.
Lucky dog.
You know, the principal comped his ticket.
Almost makes me wish some kid would make a run at one of my records.
Eh, won't ever happen.
Rikki Suggs gets the hat off his puffy hip!
What the hip sucks is down?
Looks like it's his knee.
Boy, if he wasn't playing on St.
Augustine Grass, I don't even want to think about it.
Wingo!
For a second I thought I was the only one who was happy about Ricky being hurt.
She said it.
Ricky Suggs, I was so sorry to hear about your injury.
Torn ACL, you are lucky you are not a horse young man.
Doctors say I'm out for the season.
Oh, please, what do doctors know?
A doctor told me I might not walk again.
Well, not only am I walking, I hear his marriage has gone south, too.
Yeah.
Okay.
That's the attitude.
Now get over there and spot me, Ricky.
That Bennett boy's a horse all right, and wait till he hits junior high.
Oh yeah, he can play football.
Sports Jock, this is not a rumor.
Ricky Suggs back in action this Friday.
Bunkin' Wagonal.
He'll be going for the touchdown record against Hintoff.
That kid is uptown all the way.
One week after a torn ACL.
Only Ricky and I know how tough it is to get this far.
He won't let anything stand in his way.
I remember hemorrhaging, embolism even, detached retina.
It sounded scary, but when you smell a gold line, there are only words.
Just words.
Let's get moving.
Why are you in such a hurry to witness Bill's soul-shattering collapse when Ricky Suggs crosses that goal line?
Have you been talking to Dale because he's saying the same thing?
You both think Bill will be depressed.
Well, I tell you what, I am impressed with the way Bill has handled this with sportsmanship and dignity.
Does this finger go with these short pants?
You dumb man!
You dumb man!
I'm sorry, I got cotton candy in your hair.
Ann Darlin has a burst at gold!
Time out for a substitution.
It's Ricky Suggs coming in to break the record for most career touchdowns.
What a competitor.
Wow, look at him.
He can barely walk.
Boy, I tell you what, if that boy doesn't make it in the NFL, he's got a job at Strickland Propane, pending Mr. Strickland's approval.
Thanks.
Yeah!
Nobody's trying to tackle him.
They're letting him score.
Ricky's up!
He's touched down record holder!
Hey!
Now they're carrying him in for the two-point conversion too much!
May God have mercy on you all.
Now that Ricky has broken the record, Arlen will allow Hissoff to score a make-up touchdown.
I'd like to thank everyone who made this possible.
My coach, God, and the school board.
I also want to thank Mr. D Betroth for taking such good care of the trophy ball.
Well, it didn't depend, dear.
Yep.
Said, yep.
Bill, there's been a good sport, and then there's just plain being cheated.
I don't know, everybody seem real happy about Ricky breaking the record.
Oh, man, it's now 6 o'clock sharp, man.
I don't think I'm gonna have a sports jock and Chad won't come on.
Now, don't go saying the sports jocks should be fitted for a skirt and some of them pretty hoop earrings, but I got a tear in my eye last night watching Ricky break that record.
What?
A sports jock, maybe, but Chad?
Come on, isn't anyone gonna say what we all better be thinking?
It's an... outrage.
That's right, Dale.
I am outraged!
I really am.
Bill, if we feel this cheated, I can't imagine how bad you must feel.
No, I feel bad.
I couldn't help Ricky across the line, of course.
Oh, for the love of... You don't understand.
You know, I never really appreciated my record till Ricky broke it.
I think I'll send him a thank you note.
Yeah.
No, no.
You know what I'm gonna do?
I'm gonna bake him some muffins.
Yeah, some... All right then.
I'll see you tomorrow.
Hmm.
Well, I'll still listen to the traffic and weather report and the fishing report, but that's it.
I have had it with the sports jerk and, uh, Chad.
Hank, facts are facts, and the fact is that boy would have blown the old record out of the water if he didn't get hurt.
Well, I don't know why you're so mad, Hank.
If the fat bald guy who had the record doesn't care, why should you?
His name is Bill.
You played on his team.
That was Bill?
Good lord.
Megalo screws?
Thank.
I couldn't give the hardware store my business.
Not with Ricky Sugg's fever infecting the place.
952.
53.
Hey, I'm setting a new world's record.
Well, that's real good, Bobby, but I think you have to start over when you fall off.
I'll be honest with you, Dad.
I'm not in the best shape, and this is the only way I'm gonna make it.
Wait, how many was that?
Let's call it an even thousand.
Dang it, Bobby.
That's not how you set a record.
Okay.
One.
One.
One.
Oh, forget it.
That Ricky Suggs, I can't believe they let him limp his way into the record book.
Poor Bill.
He was living in his past and that boy has stolen it.
Where is Bill supposed to live now?
Mr. Chairman, I would like to respectfully suggest that you put an asterisk next to Ricky Suggs' name in the record book.
And that asterisk should read, This record was attained by means of fraud and bad sportsmanship.
Thank you.
That suggestion is denied, Mr. Hill.
Ricky Suggs is an inspiration to us all.
Now onto more important matters.
My motion to add fatty, fatty, boom-ba-lady to the list of unacceptable hate speech.
Remember when we used to run wind sprints out here till we couldn't stop throwing up?
When we were kings, Hank.
You okay?
No, sure.
Good sport doesn't wind when things don't go its way.
Yeah, but good sports play by the rules.
You did, they didn't.
Hey, how about that time we snuck into the stadium and mowed the whole field before the groundskeeper could?
Oh!
Look on his face right before we apologized.
Yeah, we were crazy.
I could thank the army for straightening me out.
Yeah, you were a changed man when you came back.
Oh yeah, I may not have made it to Vietnam since the war ended right after I volunteered, but Barbara's school at Fort Bragg, baptism by fire, my friend.
Yeah, it's too bad you had to ship out before the end of our last season.
under needed barbers and how slunkin trigonometry huh you weren't around at graduation or senior prom what's the dancing coach what happens if a player gets injured or can't finish his season well we redshirt him and then let him make up the games the next season
What if he's out for a couple seasons?
Well, as long as he hadn't graduated, he keeps his eligibility and plays the next season.
What if he's out for 25 seasons?
Oh, Hank, find a pick-up game.
I am talking about William Fontaine de la Tour d'Autrive.
The Bill Dozer.
He still has red shirt eligibility.
He didn't finish his senior season and you can put him in Friday's game.
Are you asking me to slice another piece of phony baloney like they made me at last week's game?
No, I'm not asking you to fix the game.
I'm asking you to fix an injustice.
Just put Bill in and let him get his record back fair and square.
Let's show those kids how we used to play football.
I'd have to cut somebody.
Ah, you got that exchange student who kicks barefoot.
I think we've all had enough of that.
I can play again?
Thank God I never graduated from high school.
Hey, do I have to go to class too?
Come on, Bill, you're on the football team.
Just like the old days.
There it is.
My old uniform.
Haven't worn it since my 30th birthday party.
Suit up, Bill Dozer.
Hank!
How did my head get so fat?
I don't know, Hank.
I'm still an athlete.
I got my pride.
Not sure how I feel about the other teams just rolling over for me.
Well, don't you worry about that.
Belton has the toughest defensive line in the division.
You know the whole first string flunked history last year so they could come back and go to state?
They'll never roll over.
No.
Good.
Bobby, success on the field depends on hard work off the field.
That's why I run a tough practice, but a fun practice.
Now watch this.
Hey Bill, what's that over there?
Where?
Made you look!
Okay, let's hit the tackling sled.
Bobby, go help Boomhauer.
Go Bill, go, go!
Okay, Bobby, start taunting.
Hey, better, better, better school.
Wait, no.
Come on, yo, tub of slop, move your can.
Oh, man.
That's it, Hank.
This billdozer's out of gas.
I can either train or I can play, but I can't do both.
All right, hit the showers.
They're tired.
I'll get the hose.
When I crossed that goal out and set the record, I didn't do it just for me.
I did it for my girlfriend.
I love you, Ricky.
And for everyone here at Arlen High, just throw away and cry, baby.
Probably gonna cost us the game.
Whoa, okay, thank you, Ricky.
Okay, now settle down, class of ought one.
We have a new addition to the team.
Hey, this guy was setting football records before you were born.
He fought for your freedom in North Carolina during them.
I'm honored to introduce the Bill Dozer.
Darling number one.
Hey, where's the party tonight?
Anyone's parents out of town?
Hey, my parents aren't even alive!
Party at my place!
Yeah!
Okay.
Okay, everybody, huddle up.
Arlen Highway, honor thee, thy legacy of bravery.
Oh, come on, guys.
Too cool to sing the school song.
We changed it back in 97.
It's a candle in the wind now.
Oh, Marilyn Monroe or England's Rose.
Let's see some blocking now.
If we could just get into scoring position, we'd get to see Bill put in the game.
Don't have a hard tack, mister.
Aspirin this morning, red wine last night.
Don't worry about me.
Sure is, Bobby.
Narlands in scoring position.
Okay Bill, we may not have their youth or speed or performance enhancing drugs, but we got something they don't.
Guts.
Now go out there and get us a touchdown, Bill Dozer.
I guess we're giving it to Mr. Dottrieve.
Just don't step on me.
Hey, that's the Build-Oser Ground.
I think that's the Build-Oser.
No fair!
Asterisk!
Asterisk!
Way to go, Mr. Doetree!
My dad said you were good.
You did it, Bill!
Way to go!
I scored for Arlen.
Yep, and you tied the record.
There's still time on the clock.
If Arlen gets the ball again, you can get the record back.
When Ricky tied my record, he did it fair and square.
I'm honored to share it with him.
Besides, I can't get up.
Thank you, Hank.
I couldn't have done this without you.
No, sir.
You the man.
No!
You the man!
I can't point, Hank.
That's okay.
Don't look down at your leg.
Oh, it'll be a battle, all right.
You know, St.
Margaret wants revenge for that butt-whipping they got served up last year.
You know, their coach should have Dothrie given their half-time speech.
I've never seen anything like him.
Aren't like the lion.
Oh, time for fun.
Shoot, I thought he was dead when they wheeled him off the field, but then just two hours later, he was eating the jalapeno cornbread at the Arroyo diner.
That man is uptown.
No doubt about it.
Get the fuck outta here, man.
