I've always enjoyed your Musins column, Peggy.
I'm sorry our readers prefer more ad space.
So what's this new angle on a travel feature you want to pitch me?
Okay.
Like many of us, I am sure you are sick to death of reading travel pieces written by professional travel writers.
Now, just suppose an average Texas family, mom, dad, son, were sent on a dream vacation to say a five-star Hawaiian luxury hotel, seeing the beach, the buffets, the golf courses, but from their point of view.
You couldn't possibly have thought you were the first to try this, could you?
So, apparently, us enjoying ourselves in Hawaii is not enough of an angle.
But I do think I can get a ticket to Jamaica to explore the world of Rastafarian gangs.
I already picked the country for our summer vacation, Peggy.
America.
And the state.
Texas.
And the town.
Denton.
I don't care what their police did to that cyclist, it's still a good town.
Great, Denton.
Gateway to Dernville.
Ah, Memorial Day.
A day when our war heroes are honored by even the most liberal of media.
Chairs, Colonel.
Now, more than 50 years after VJJ, the men of the greatest generation have a new mission.
But instead of bayonets and bullets, they are wielding reflection and forgiveness as they return to the battlefields of their youth, confronting the haunting memories they've tried to leave behind.
Perhaps the Colonel will delight us with a war story?
Personally, I'm in the mood for an eye gouging.
No, I don't want to talk no more about the fitting men I killed.
Well, that's weird.
My dad loves telling his war stories.
Usually, we're pulling him off whatever sorry sap he's got playing Admiral Tojo.
That's how I ripped the other pair of pants I used to have.
Hank, I'm worried.
Cotton's been acting very stressed all week.
Maybe you could take him out for some guy time.
Nothing gay, though.
I don't know.
He'll want to go to a strip club, and he always tips the girls to put their what-nots on my head.
Hank, please.
Something's troubling him.
He needs his son's help.
My dad needs my help.
How about a fun day at Six Flags?
We can ride the roller coasters and give them the finger when they take our picture.
You know my dad's too short for roller coasters.
He only comes up to here.
Ooh, ooh, ooh.
John Redcorn set up a new age healing center out by the highway.
I bet he's got a sauna.
We could all go for a steam.
Yeah.
Maybe my dad'll let his guard down and say what's bothering him.
I could stand to sweat off a few pounds here and here.
What are you talking about, Bill?
You look great.
They got any gaseous in this crap hut?
Uh, yeah.
Hi, John Redcorn.
We're looking for something to relax my dad.
Maybe we can use, uh, your steam room.
It's not a steam room.
It's a sweat lodge.
It's one of the most intense spiritual experiences known to my people.
Are you talking about that thing by the Porta John that looks like a compost heap with garbage bags on it?
Twenty dollars.
Each.
We bring seven hot stones into the center of the lodge.
The heat will cause the body and mind to release their toxins.
I must warn you, things can get a little trippy.
For 20 bucks, I could have just sat in the truck with the windows rolled up.
Well, that's the last of it.
Dale, I know how I'm going to die.
Dale?
Dale?
Was it good for you too, baby?
Now.
I wonder what that means.
I sweat, Lodge, was a wonderful idea.
I waited your whole life to tell you this, boy.
You're a good son.
And I'm switching to propane.
Thank you, Dad.
Hey, I know you.
I killed you.
I was looking at you.
Oh, oh, you got your teeth at home in the jar.
You, I just sat through the heart.
And you, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
Dad, are you okay?
Get your pretty hands off of me, boy, I'm fine.
And next time you want to show me a good time, stay the hell away.
Grandpa, I heard you had a rocky day, so I brought you a pine of Rocky Road.
Who's that?
A lady you saved during the war?
She's pretty.
I didn't save her.
I killed her husband.
Whoa.
He was a tojo.
Took his wallet off the body, spoils the war.
You sure you don't need some ice cream?
I don't know what's I need anymore, boy.
I'm feeling bad for all the things I've done to the Japanese.
You mean like stealing from dead people?
Oh, you can't imagine.
You're just a boy.
I got to get back over to Japan and apologize.
But how am I gonna get there?
I got no shins.
All my money goes to the baby's mouth mush and your step granny's movie payments.
And you can tell the bystander it's called the widow in the wallet, where once the soldier killed, he now makes peace.
How about it, Mom?
Wow.
There is really no story in that at all.
I sat next to that man in a sweat lodge wearing nothing but a towel, boxer shorts, and a bathing suit.
And then he goes and spills his guts to Bobby?
Well, this is not about Bobby.
This is about a man who for 50 years denied any human emotion so he could hide from his haunting memories of war, ruining his relationship with his son until fate gives him one final chance to fight.
Oh, forget it.
It's still not an interesting story.
I thought of this one in the tub.
Canada.
Not just America's hat.
I'm sorry, Peggy.
How about this one?
I see London.
I see France.
Nice try.
Wait.
I do have one last idea.
I call it Widow in the Wallet.
I am going to Japan The bystander got the Japanese tourism viewer to give me two first-class tickets, but I traded them in for four coach seats I could have gotten five, but what are we gonna do take Luanne?
I can't believe I'm finally going to Japan I guess I never really wanted to go there, but I still can't believe it
I don't know, taking my dad to Japan?
It's a 20 hour flight and we'd have to get passports and what if he falls into his old habits of, you know, killing him?
Believe me, I'd rather go to Denton to fix his problem, but there's no Japanese there.
I checked the phone book.
I have no formal opinion on the Japanese.
I know that must disappoint you.
Would you fellas mind taking in my newspaper while I'm gone?
If you let them stack up, it's just like telling the burglars, please rob me since I make enough money to subscribe to a paper.
May I suggest that we put 10 miles on your truck per day in case the criminals check your odometer?
No.
Hope these get to her security.
Okay, I'm packing forks for the family.
If anyone loses their fork, we may not be able to replace it, so be extra careful.
Well, my pork pockets work in their microwaves.
No, they will not.
It's a different frequency.
Lady Bird and Luanna's hair.
We're gonna have a sleepover at my house, girlfriend.
Now listen up, I'm only gonna read this once.
Hi, my name is Lady Bird.
I like long walks, my arthritis medication, and two cups of kibble a day.
I'll try to outsmart you and get three cups, but I know you're too clever for that, Ms.
Platter.
I don't know what to think.
She did write this letter and everything.
Trips off.
All right, one last thing, people.
If anyone gets lost in Japan, we will meet back here.
Jesus, Japanese!
Dad, they're called Asians now.
What if she knows what I've done?
Well, they get angry, they can fly at you.
I saw that Crouching Tiger program.
Sir, you are in an exit role.
Will you be able to assist other passengers in case of an emergency?
Absolutely.
Is your son under 13?
He has to be 13 or older to sit in an emergency role.
He is 13.
To be honest, he's a great kid, but in an emergency, uh, I don't know.
Dad!
I'm sorry, Bobby.
What can I say?
He's right.
Yep.
Yep.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, my God!
Burgle averted!
But for how long?
We should turn on the lights to give it that lived-in look.
It's locked.
Oh.
Also locked.
This place is just begging to be robbed.
Give me your shirt.
Okay.
Have you been working out?
It has been 50 years since World War II ended, but one American GI faces the battle of his life, finding the widow of the soldier he slaughtered then pig-pocketed.
This is his story.
And he doesn't want to talk about it, the end.
All right, look, I would like to polish off this article before we land so I can enjoy my vacation.
Now, you've killed Germans, you've killed Japanese.
Which do you prefer?
I need three no more questions.
Sir, I love beer too, but we're on duty.
You're out of here.
Hike, your father is acting like a maniac.
He's just sitting there with his mouth shut.
Okay, I'll go sit with him.
You keep an eye on Hugh Heffener here.
Konbanwa shitsudoishimasu.
For your in-flight entertainment, we present Japanese language movie, Haikou.
A comedy about a bus driver who is frequently late.
Followed by our English language selection, American blockbuster, Pearl Harbor, starring Ben Affleck and Kate Beckinsale.
War is not forever.
Love this.
Move your seat up!
And God's no room!
Sir, if you don't calm down right now, we're going to have to land the plane in Hawaii.
I'm required to issue only one warning before I teaser you.
It's okay, he's having a war flashback.
Help me get him someplace safe until he calms down.
Snack time, Daddy Bird!
Oh, sorry your hard boiled egg is an hour late, but you're so old you probably forgot too.
Daddy Bird?
Ladybird.
Oh my god, what have I done?
She's dead!
We hope you enjoy your stay here in Tokyo.
The local time is 7.33.
Be careful, he may have shifted during flight.
Are we in Hawaii?
No, we drugged you, Dad.
We're in Japan.
Look, I know coming back here must stir up all kinds of feelings and whatnot, but the war was a long time ago.
I'm sure it's not on anyone's mind anymore.
Colonel Hill!
Colonel Hill!
I am Kenji Tanimura from GyoDo News Service.
Tourism Board told us all about your big heartfelt apology to aged Japanese widow.
They told you?
No.
No!
Yes.
We go with you to meet her.
You apologize, she will cry.
We will edit it for broadcast purposes.
That is the process.
No, you can't come.
It's private.
It's public!
There is nothing to worry about.
He is just fighting his urge to kill you.
Bad?
You work at a gas station, fuel this thing up and fly me back to Texas.
Dang it, Dad.
There's no place I'd rather be, but we came here so you could make your peace with the widow and the wallet.
Not with all them cameras out there!
I need to save my sorries in private.
How am I going to get past the jeparazzi?
Thank you, got to help me.
I don't want that poor widow to think I came over here just to become a Japanese TV star.
Yeah, so my dad's still on the plane.
He had to use the lavatory and said he might be a while.
You know, he's old.
My father also struggles with the shame of incontinence.
Well, good luck with that.
Hey, how are you?
Hank, I don't remember leaving a duffel bag on the plane or even owning a duffel bag.
Hank, can't you keep that other bag of yours shut too?
Good God!
That is the biggest Hello Kitty store I've ever seen!
Look at this architecture.
You can really see the Japanese influences.
Now, Hank!
And now, Hank!
All right, I'll do the handle.
You do the card.
Ready?
Now!
Oh, my.
Good lord.
They build transistor radios bigger than this.
Where are we supposed to sleep?
Pull out sofa?
Yes!
I called it!
Hank, you can share the bed with me, as is the local custom.
And Bobby, you can sit at that desk and sleep like you do at school.
Job well done.
Yeah, but now you can see how empty the house is.
I have an idea.
Can you zip me up, Hank?
OK, Pound Dog.
Your job is to pretend to be just like that dog over there, but just not so dead.
Oh my god!
It's a miracle!
Wait, you're getting each other mixed up.
Dad, I'm here to offer you my services and finding that woman.
I can at least see over some fences, you can't.
No, I'm saving it for tomorrow.
Gotta get a good night's sleep in case apologizing is harder than I think it'll be.
You know, I'm really proud of you.
It takes a war hero to kill 50 men, but it takes a gentleman to apologize.
And I couldn't have done it without you.
Get me on the plane, put me in that bag, get me off that plane, bind me them mints.
Well, thanks.
Dad?
I've been wanting to do this for a long time.
Here is the roses.
My apologies.
I was unable to find brand of cologne.
Here is a map for the address you requested and pants.
The cologne has displeased you.
Dad, what's going on here?
myself yeah that explains the clone and the new pants what about the flowers and the map what the you dyed your hair it's shoe polish to make me look younger
Good lord, this wallet woman isn't some mystery.
You slept with her, didn't you?
A lot.
Did you even kill her husband?
Wasn't married.
God dang it.
She's no widow and you're no gentleman.
You're a dirty old man.
And to think I almost shook your hand.
He drags us halfway around the world so he can go on a wild scooch hunt.
This is terrible.
This is not the story I sold to the Arland bystander and already wrote on the plane.
But this story's even better.
Cripple returns to Japan, filled with regret.
Not for the 50 he killed, but for the one he loved.
Yes, I would not be surprised if they turned this article into a movie.
Hollywood's not gonna want to make a picture about an adulterer.
Hank, no one cheats on his 40-year-old wife with an 80-year-old ex-girlfriend.
Hank?
Tell that lying bastard I'm not here.
I'm gonna go to the sink and take a shower.
I need the picture of Hank and Bobby to bring to Michiko.
Show her what I've done with my life.
Hmm, I've got the pictures of me.
Oh, here's one of Hank and Bobby and me.
This'll do.
And I thank you.
Nobody brings photos of their son on a booty quest.
And I called him a dirty old man.
I owe him an apology.
Peggy, can you turn your feet sideways?
I can't open the door.
This is it.
Squiggles on the address the concierge gave us matched the squiggles on the sign.
You can do it dad.
What if she doesn't remember me?
It's been 50 years.
I think it'd take longer than that to forget you.
Thanks for coming Hank.
You're a good son.
Okay, here goes.
Whoa!
It's a boy!
Look at him!
Tall as Mount Fuji, with Michiko's sweet face.
What's your name, boy?
You speak English?
My name is Junichiro.
Ginny?
Ginny?
Ginico?
Ginapur?
Chumichiro!
Wow!
So nice to meet you, Judge Yellow!
I'm your Pappy!
Oh, what the hell?
My mother has told me about you.
Unfortunately, she is not here.
She is viewing Cherry Blossoms in Nagoya.
She will return tomorrow.
And tomorrow it is.
Dinner's on me.
It's a swanky restaurant in our hotel.
60 bucks for a burger.
Man, what the heck?
For all I know, it's your birthday.
How could you not know you had another son?
How many women have you slept with?
Five?
Six?
Two hundred seventy-three.
But this ain't about sex, no, sir.
It's about love.
And sex.
Well, I spent the year after the war in the U.S.
Army Hospital in Tokyo.
General MacArthur's personal sob-bones had reattached my feet to my knees and prescribed enough antibiotics to cure the French Army's clab.
Every day, a Japanese angel would drain my shins of pus and fill my heart with love.
It was magical!
Then excruciating, which made it all the more magical.
I was under strict orders not to fraternize with the conquered women, so we hid our love.
During wartime, you don't think about the future, but it comes anyway.
I was being shipped out.
I did what I could to stay, but it wasn't enough.
No.
No.
I left more than my shins in Japan.
I left a little piece of my heart and some seed, I guess, the Gruna Junstero.
A brother.
Wow.
I have a brother.
A Japanese half-brother.
That is some freaky stuff.
The hillbrothers.
Watch out for those hillbrothers.
Did you see what those hillbrothers were up to the other day?
Just be prepared for when your new half-brother decides he's in love with me.
I must be quite a sight to him with my exotic, unbound feet.
Well, I'm too excited to sleep.
Yeah.
Yeah!
Take this in the his house!
That's the way I know I want our life.
That's the way I know I want our life.
That's the way I know I want our life.
That's the way I know I want our life.
That's the way I know I want our life.
That's the way I know I want our life.
That's the way I know I want our life.
That's the way I know I want our life.
That's the way I know I want our life.
That's the way I know I want our life.
That's the way I know I want our life.
That's the way I know I want our life.
That's the way I know I want our life.
That's the way I know I want our life.
That's the way I know I want our life.
That's the way I know I want our life.
That's the way I know I want our life.
That's the way I know I want our life.
That's the way I know I want our life.
That's the way I know
Lady Bird!
Lady Bird!
Here girl!
Lady Bird, it's Daddy.
Listen to this, I have a big brother.
Isn't that exciting?
I wish you were here to meet him.
I miss you so much.
I gotta go.
I love you.
Does this bow tie make me look like a puppet?
Love doesn't care what you look like, Grandpa, or if you can even speak the same language.
You meet someone?
Well, good for you.
Try to get a foot massage.
They got a knack.
Hello, Michiko.
Hello, Cotton.
I am glad to see your feet did not fall off as predicted.
How is everything else?
Well, it's been a crazy 50 years.
After I got back to America, I had a nice, juicy porterhouse, cooked medium rare, just the way I like them.
Then I knocked around a bit.
Eventually, I got tired of working for jackasses and decided to make an honest living, installing asbestos into schools and hospitals.
Got married twice, one ugly, one hot, and had two sons.
Hank and my baby, good Hank.
Tell me, Coco, how have the years treated you?
Thank you for asking.
I worked as a washerwoman to support my son, your son, Junichiro.
After war, I ate rice hulls, and for ten years, I raised a child out of wedlock alone.
This arrangement afforded me many opportunities for difficulty.
Then, I found a man who would marry such a woman, Maiwataru.
So I work in propane and propane accessories.
You may have seen it used in some of our movies.
What kind of work do you do?
Robots.
Robots, huh?
Robots.
This is a very beautiful, but as you say in Hollywood, we have a kappa.
Tomorrow you travel to Kyoto to attend U.S.
Japanese peace ceremony hosted by Emperor of Japan.
Yeah, Burke, what an honor to come back and find family waiting for me too.
I don't usually cry unless someone's pulling out my fingernails like you find folks did so many years ago.
I came here to apologize to Mishiko, but discovered I wronged two people.
I give what's left of my legs to hear you both say.
You forgive me.
I am sorry.
What you did is unforgivable.
To come here after fifty years and think you can buy me hamburger and be my father?
No.
I humbly wish my mother had never
Oh, hey, Junty Joe, you got the bit of the hilltubber in ya.
My name is not Junty Joe.
It is Idunichiro.
You are not my father.
I am not a hill.
It is a shameful name.
I formally renounce the hill blood that is in me.
You take it back, boy.
I'll take back my apology.
I will not take it back.
I come here to make peace, and you kamikaze me?
That's it!
I re-declare war on Japan!
Dad, no!
I'm sorry, he's probably not used to drinking so much tea.
With all respect and honor, I would not be saddened if both you and your father went to hell.
Junichiro, our dad's missing.
He never came back last night.
My dad not missing, but Taro is fishing for Makoro as he does every morning.
Please, you've got to help me.
He's on a rampage.
He already desecrated a koi pond and turned over a noodle cart, and that was before he even left the hotel.
I cannot leave in the middle of the day.
I am assistant manager, one of only 30.
Dang it, he's gone berserk.
And when he winds up on the news, everybody's gonna find out he's your dad.
And that's gonna bring you great shame, I tell you what.
Ah.
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah,
Okay, big day big day.
We're gonna see everything Tokyo has to offer the tofu museum Chinatown Unless you want to rig up some kind of tummy pack to haul me around I'm heading back to the room for a nap.
Hmm Okay, be sure to fill the ice bucket so we'll have water in the morning
Hey friend, a little help.
Hey there in the yellow shirt.
Excuse me doctor.
What is wrong with these people?
Why won't they talk to me?
What do you expect?
Running around like crazy cowboy?
It's not Texas.
Shoot off guns, pow, pow, pow, Rambo John Wayne.
In Japan, you do not raise voice and speak to people without proper introduction.
Excuse me.
If you see this man, let him sleep.
Yes, sir.
What's the head Magoo saying Emperor in Kyoto to exchange apologies with GI Joe's that sooner spirit his face and apologize Don't mind if I do
I can't I gotta be in the room before my mom gets back Okay four pictures we're gonna tell a story I'm an American boy band star
Forget the story.
Let's just do four of those.
Dang it, I gotta go.
Meet me here tonight at 6.30 and we can pick up where we left off.
That's it.
I can't!
Oh, you mean tonight?
Yeah!
I could drink a beer that size right about now.
So, uh, how long you been in the robot game?
There was not a time that I was not fascinated by robots.
Robots are clean, efficient, reliable.
Huh.
That sounds like propane.
I wonder if they ever made a robot that runs on propane.
No.
But they could.
Yep.
Hey.
You know, you're a successful guy, an assistant manager.
How come you never got married?
I would have me.
I cannot provide sons, or even daughters.
Do you have a narrow urethra?
Hey.
I'm also, uh, limited in that way.
There's, uh, some stretches you could do to, um, you know, uh, get things moving.
I'll send them to you in the mail.
Oh, it is one of the businessmen I exchange cards with.
See, Japanese politeness is surprisingly effective.
Oh, he just saw Shinra's foreigner at train station by ticket and this on our pay toilet.
We must go.
I need to tell Uncle Hank I learned how to clone at the junior college.
You two better back me up.
Lady Bird, your house is being robbed.
As you've seen him, he says a question unrelated to tickets should be answered by information host.
He is not information host.
What's he saying?
What the... You already did that, he sent you to the other guy.
Japan can sometimes be tiresome in this way.
But you're only half Japanese.
Look, in America, when the traditional way isn't working, we improvise.
I'd suggest telling this gentleman to give you the information or you'll kick his ass.
Ah!
There he is!
Dang it, Janichiro, come on!
Dad, wait!
I can't, boy.
I got a date in Kyoto with the Emperor.
Oh, thank God.
You're just going to the peace ceremony.
Yep.
Having a hock of loogie in the face of this country's number one summit.
What?
Dad, no.
You will be proud of me.
I was abrupt with an elderly woman.
We're too late.
Our dad's on his way to spit on the emperor's face.
Whoa!
Who would want to buy robots from a man whose father spit on the emperor?
Don't worry.
The Hill Brothers are on the case, right?
Hey.
Can't this thing go any faster than... Wow.
Open up police This is Hank Hill occupant and I cannot open the door as I am making love to my wife Peggy We're doing it
Ah!
Oh, my God.
Boom hour!
Boom hour, please!
Would you take in Hag's paper?
Yup.
Step aside.
Don't make me waste my lung butter on you.
Ugh.
Why don't you go on without me?
I saw a nice kimono in the gift shop window that'd be perfect for Joseph.
You're not going anywhere, mister.
Correction, you are going somewhere.
Everywhere.
With Peggy Hill's terrific Tokyo.
First stop, the Disney Store.
Everybody's super happy.
Everybody's super happy.
6.30 p.m.
Danzu.
Danzu.
Mr. Cotton Hill, Mr. Lead Story, just in time.
This badge admits you to peace ceremony with Emperor.
And if you start to cry, try to look at red light.
There's gonna be plenty of waterworks.
Let me through.
Emergency!
Come on, move aside!
I kick your ass!
Look at me!
Here come one over here, Mike Tyson!
So, Colonel Mr. Cotton Hill, how does it feel to be making peace with sworn enemy?
Damn it, we're never gonna stop, Dad.
What did you say?
I tell him, you are Tom Broker.
You crazy bastard.
Dad, no!
He's got security everywhere.
How many body parts do you want to leave in this country?
Father, no!
What did you just call me?
I called you father.
There is no shame in being a hill.
Hank taught me that, and he also taught me there is no shame in having a narrow urethra.
Uh, that was just between brothers.
Ah, like Japan, I am no longer your enemy.
And, like my little brother, I am your son.
I tell you what.
King Toja, even though you took my shins and I took Fiddy of your boys, no hard feelings.
Now that we're all lovey-dovey, I'd like you to meet my sons, Hank and Junichi-Rome.
What better souvenir than a Tokyo phone book?
Here Bobby, carry that.
I ain't one for a cyan-R is, but I've been meaning to give you this.
Maybe you don't want it.
Thank you.
Now I have something to remember you by.
This photo.
Oh, and our son.
So, I'm forgiven?
Yes.
Goodbye, Captain.
Allow me to help, Sister-in-law.
We would have invited you in for farewell tea, but as you will read in my article, these Japanese hotel rooms are horribly cramped.
Surely you did not spend entire vacation in sitting room.
Huh?
Whoa!
You're gonna miss your war scooch, ain't ya boy?
I never even got to say goodbye.
What?!
Stop the cab!
Stop the cab!
Dad, what are you doing?
You wouldn't understand, boy.
It's about love.
Bobby, you gots to say your goodbyes, cause Lord knows it's a grenade and a keister to come back for him after 50 years.
Now go, boy!
Let's not spoil the moment with a lot of talk.
Let's just... dance!
Texas in the His House!
