Here's $300 cash for my next semester, Ms.
Kremser.
Count it.
It's all there.
Well, there's still an incredibly complicated hair dyeing exam coming up, Platter.
You've got to pass that to even qualify for the final semester.
I won't let you down, Ms.
Kremser.
Yeah, sure.
Look, it's Luanne.
It sure has been a hard year for you, Luan, with your boyfriend blowing up and losing all your hair and being on academic probation.
But you know, if you pass this last exam, it'll turn everything around.
Sad.
Very sad.
What is Khan thinking?
He bought the best trampoline of Buckley's estate and he's letting it go to pot.
Maybe we ought to talk to Khan.
This is a fixed opportunity that only happens in the movies.
Hey, I know what we could do.
Bill, remember when we got you to brush your teeth by saying you didn't know how?
Yeah.
Reverse psychology.
That'll never work.
Yes it will.
Gotcha.
I just took a test last semester.
And now I've got another test.
It's not fair.
How often in real life are you tested?
Okay then.
The Girls at Beauty Academy are so mean.
They are mean.
You made your point Bill.
Wait, if you guys are here, who's guarding Trashcans and Alley?
Say, Con, we were just thinking... We don't want to fix your trampoline.
I do!
Well... What?
Damn!
Oh!
Now I get it.
You rednecks want to fix my trampoline.
But what's in it for me?
Well, uh... You mow my lawn for two months!
Alright.
Ah!
Played him like a damn fiddle.
Excellent, Sherona.
If I didn't know that tail was attached to a horse's rear end, I'd swear it was Cher's.
Thank you, Miss Crimser.
Oh, very good.
Excellent highlights.
Luanne Platter.
It's not fair my customer kept swatting flies.
Step away from the horse.
Shares, hairs, thick anyhow.
I am too going to pass that test.
Whip out those plants!
Go, go, go!
I've taken liberty of drawing up some schematics.
Now, here's the trampoline that is.
And here is the trampoline that could be.
Oh, you see that.
Uh-oh.
I'm on it.
Hey, Luan, uh, you look pretty today.
Right, guys?
Yeah.
Yeah, that's very pretty.
Oh, Buckley.
This was Buckley's trampoline.
It was his favorite one.
He named it number one.
All right, where were we?
Well, some people say it's too bad Buckley's dead, but I say this trampoline sure is gonna be beautiful.
Good night.
Who are you?
What are you doing?
What?
Chicken blood?
Buckley!
Psych?
What happened to you three and dad?
Are you an angel?
Buckleys, Angel.
Don't word out.
You are an angel.
Unless you're just a hallucinogen of my mind.
If you're really Buckley's angel, then tell me something only the real Buckley would know.
Uh, you have a birthmark on your butt the shape of a Honda key.
You are a real angel!
And the morning lasted all day, all day And through the window came Like sun up trying to yank the day, pushing the town
My, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my,
Luan, you look positively radiant this morning.
You're not pregnant, are you?
Disregard.
All right.
Sausage.
All right.
Sausage.
I have an announcement to make.
Last night, I had a religious experience.
Ex-nay, ex-nay, abbey-bay-to-yay-un-yay.
Last night, I was visited by an angel.
Buckley's angel.
Cool!
He was on the trampoline and he said to tell y'all, hey.
I think someone's been studying a little too hard for her beauty school test.
Probably Sharona Johnson.
She's always studying.
It's not fair.
Anyways, Buckley's angel and me jump some and then... Well, mostly we just jumped, but I feel better just knowing he's okay.
An angel.
All right.
Ugh, she has given me the heaviest of gibies.
The angel part, sure, but the whole not crying thing?
I like that.
I like that a lot.
I told her use proper ventilation around those hair chemicals.
She's probably just stressed out, Peggy.
But if this helps her, let her think whatever she wants.
She sees Buckley's angel, Nolan Ryan saw his arm as a rocket launcher and the catcher's met as Saddam Hussein.
Don't mess with the good thing, Peggy.
Just be cool.
I'm cool!
So, Luan, this angel certainly seems to have made you happy.
Oh, yes.
I think that it's a sign that God is going to take care... Sure, sure, right.
God.
I'll bet God sent you this guardian angel.
This stand-on-your-own-two-feet angel.
And if you have a problem from now on, you don't have to cry because Buckley's angel will help you through your tests or maybe find an apartment or whatever.
Oh, my guardian angel.
Yep, find an apartment.
Red alert, red alert.
Hey, boom, how are you, Mr. Dottrieve and Mr. Grebel?
What in the name of hell was that?
Luanne claims she saw Buckley's angel last night on the trampoline.
I convinced her it was her guardian angel, and now she's on an even keel.
I should have thought of this years ago.
It's like she has a boyfriend I never have to meet.
Hey, look, it's Luanne walking her book.
I'm not walking my book.
I'm waiting for my guardian angel.
Buckley has come back from the dead to bounce on his trampoline and help me with my exam.
Do you hear yourself?
You're crazy!
I don't have to hear myself, but these angels hear myself.
Well you're gonna fail the hair dye test and flunk out of beauty school and have to go to work at the mall at the pretzel place.
And we'll all be famous hairdressers and we'll all be on the third floor of the mall working on the people's hair who eat pretzels at the pretzel place.
Well, I just spit on your pretzels and... No, that's okay.
I forgive you because I have a guardian angel now.
Ew.
Buckleys Angel, can you please melt Sharona Johnson's face?
Oh, and help me pass my test.
Buckleys Angel?
Buckleys Angel?
Okay, let's get to it.
What's this, a note?
Oh, that's nobody's hand.
Give it back.
Dear Buckley's Angel, bring me a woman.
Any woman.
Love Bill F. De La Tito Tree.
That's between me and Buckley's Angel.
There is no Buckley's Angel.
There was barely a Buckley.
That grease ball couldn't find a hammer in the megalomart.
How could he possibly find you a woman?
You have your gods, and I have mine.
Bill, shut up.
Dale, lift your end.
It's a sign we've been playing God with Buckley's trampoline.
Now God is playing God with us.
And he's a lot better at it.
I refuse to touch this porthole to hell.
Look, we got a project going on and Boomhauer and I are the only sane ones around here.
I don't know, man.
You know, they had a little time and a little off, man.
They were working on flowers, man.
Bucke walked up and just touched the hood, man.
It touches the hood, man.
The dog was healed, man.
You know, they... Yeah, you know, I walked through the valley of shadow death, man.
They don't take no... I am this close to fixing the trampoline myself.
No, no, no, no!
Don't touch it or the angel won't come back and I'll be alone forever.
Ooh, it is a hot one today, huh?
So, men, have you ever had any religious visions?
This is about Buckley's angel, huh, Peggy Hill?
You know?
Not too much happened in this neighborhood.
When someone comes back from dead, he gets around.
I mean, Luan is clearly crazy.
If it was a true religious vision, why would it come to her?
I was home.
Uh-huh.
I mean, I have had my close calls.
One time I heard a voice say,
Jesus is love, right in my ear.
But then when I turned up the hairdryer, it was suddenly gone.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Run, Hank!
Pour it over the hell.
Oh.
Lou Anne's got everybody going angel-crazy, Peggy.
Oh, don't tell me you're hearing Jesus' love again.
Jesus' love?
So, studying for your big hair test?
Well, I'm waiting for Buckley's angel.
I thought we might do flashcards.
Yeah, okay.
Well, I'm sure with his help you'll do just fine.
You'll pass the test and he'll have finished his good deed and there'll be no need for him to come back to earth again.
And if you do see Buckley's angel again, it'll actually be an evil angel of death.
I didn't make up the rules.
It's in the Bible.
Good luck now.
Where is he?
Buckley always did this to me.
One time we were supposed to see Color Me Bad and he never showed up.
I was looking forward to that concert all week and when I told him he just said chicken bake.
He better not be guarding in some other girl.
Maybe I should drop out of beauty school at Peggy.
What?
Luanne, you have wanted to go to beauty school since you were six.
You have wanted to graduate beauty school since you were twelve.
If you give up on school, honey, you are giving up on your dreams.
Education is the sleeping pill that makes dreams happen.
Peggy Hill.
But school is hard.
I should just give up and sell pretzels.
Uh-uh.
Now you have to reach deep inside yourself and stop depending on your uncle or your boyfriend or your boyfriend's angel.
This time, it is all up to you.
Buckley's angel helps those who help themselves.
I'll do it!
You'll help me, right?
Of course.
I don't know why you didn't come, Buckleys Angel.
If this is some kind of test, I'll have to take a makeup test because I have a makeup and hair test this morning.
Hey.
You finally showed up.
Thank you, Buckleys Angel.
Thank you.
You're gonna fail the test.
What?
Yeah, I have a message from Jesus.
Something about how you suck at beauty school?
Except worded nicer.
Uh, here.
Uh, Luanne.
You really suck at beauty school.
Drop out.
Love Jesus.
Huh.
You underlined really.
I guess it wasn't nicer.
I thought angels were supposed to be good.
You're a terrible angel, Buckley.
I wish you never died.
Hey, Jesus said it, not me.
You are mean, just like when you were my boyfriend.
But I have faith in me, and I am not going to be trailer trash.
I'm going to graduate, and I'm going to do make-ups, and I'm going to have the biggest truck in Hollywood.
Jesus says you're meant for something else.
He can't say what.
Well, y'all are wrong.
I'm meant for beauty school.
Uh-uh.
Uh-uh.
Uh-uh.
Uh-uh.
Uh-uh.
Yes!
Oh my gosh, are you all right?
I think I'm okay.
I was up on my study and I was so tired and I was driving and now I'm... Do you want to sit down?
Yes, very much.
Oh!
Look, I look terrible!
And I have to take a test!
So?
Well, looks are 10% of the grade!
Looks?
What class are you taking?
I bet it's statistics with Professor Rattleidge.
He's such a pig!
No, no, no, it's hair coloring with Ms.
Cr- Wait.
Wait, you thought that I was in school with you?
In college?
Yeah, why not?
You sure you're okay?
Yeah, cause we've gotta go watch Saturday Night Fever for our American Cultures class.
Yeah, I'm okay.
Well good luck on your test.
Hey Luan, where's your guardian angel?
Parking the car?
All right, let's begin.
Gloves on!
So, uh, any angel sightings this evening?
No, not yet.
Oops!
Well, now what's this?
Huh, it's a letter from the Desk of Buckley's Angel.
Let's see here.
Dear Bill, Boomhauer and Dale, I have been unable to find a woman for Bill, any woman, or a crankshaft from a 1968 Dodge, and the porthole to hell is actually located in Hank's garage near all of his tools, which should be avoided by anyone afraid of the porthole to hell.
Well, that's that.
Goodbye, Buckley's Angel.
Goodbye, Buckley's Angel.
Hold the phone.
Let me see that letter.
That's not Buckley's handwriting.
Hank!
Good.
Now, I believe we have a trampoline to fix.
I guess I could pitch in a little bit.
Guess what?
You aced the exam.
I knew it.
Congratulations, Luanne.
No, no, no, no.
Even better Aunt Peggy.
Buckley's angel came back, and then I almost hit a wiener wagon.
But first, Buckley said Jesus said that I was meant for something else, and I thought Jesus meant something worse.
And then I remembered you telling me not to give up on my dreams.
And I realized that he meant something better.
And I got my tuition refund from Miss Cramsor and enrolled in Ireland Community College.
Just like Jesus said!
Call it?
Real call it?
Oh, Luann, you are dreaming with the big boys now.
This is the happiest day of my life!
Luann, well, that's great.
I mean, wow.
You'll be moving into a dorm.
All of our dreams have come true.
Well, Uncle Hank, with tuition and books and back to school clothes, I can't afford to move out now.
Well, I guess as long as you're in school, bettering yourself and what not.
Thank you, Uncle Hank.
Don't thank me.
Hug your Aunt Peggy.
I'm going to start out as a liberal artist.
I might even go pre-med.
It's really the same thing.
Huh.
I didn't know there was a wiener wagon stopping in Ireland.
Obviously not.
Or you would have taken me.
Uh, I just came back to say I'm sorry I bailed out of the car.
I knew you weren't really a jerk.
Yeah.
Uh, I gotta go.
Jesus is having a party tonight.
It's gonna rock.
There'll probably be a lot of people there, but if you say Jesus, don't mind said thanks.
Goodbye, Buckley.
Before I go, um, could I one last kiss?
No.
That part's over.
Why?
Chicken thigh.
I'll have my, my, my, my chicken thigh.
I'll have my, my, my, my chicken thigh.
I'll have my, my, my, my chicken thigh.
Hey, new record, cool!
Barclays Angel!
Barclays Angel!
I'm so alone.
I have to commute to Houston every day at City One big stinkhole.
Did I make the right decision, Buckwheat's Angel?
Buckwheat's Angel?
Why you not come to me instead of that redneck little hot potato?
Oh, Buckwheat's Angel!
Hey.
