Hey, kid, you want to hang out in the alley and tell my friends to get up?
I'm working!
Hey, Peggy!
Bobby!
I just met a woman!
Nail!
Nancy Joseph, I just met the woman who will bear my children.
Is this a good school district?
Boom hour, there's a dead wolf on your lawn.
I'm lying.
I met a woman!
Whoa, whoa, yo, man.
Still here?
I thought I'd make you breakfast.
Now, I got them hang gliding lesson, man.
I'm going to go teach this little blind kid to them, talking about it on the Special Olympics picture, too, me.
Whoa.
Ah.
Mom, Dad, the ice cream lady's here.
I need a buck fifty.
Quick.
Uh, Bobby, I don't think the Mrs. Dippy Cone lady is on duty.
Her and Mr. Boomhauer are, um, dating.
Even better.
She'll be here all the time.
I can get to know her on a personal level.
Maybe she'll let me do a ride along.
Why can't Boomhauer date someone smart for once?
Like a congresswoman so I could get my law passed.
And then she nodded like this.
And then she smiled like this.
energy dog like this.
It was magic.
Man, give it a goddamn rest.
Man, it told me it'd just go on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on
You know, Larry and Wayne may have been imaginary, but they were a lot more supportive than you.
You didn't hear what they were saying behind your back.
Piggy, can I borrow a coffee cup?
I need a second mug, because I got a lady friend now.
Oh, a lady friend.
Bill, that is so wonderful.
Oh, no, wait.
This one's dirty.
Guess who had coffee with his special lady this morning?
The coffee stains on your shirt are a nice touch, Bill, but we're still not buying.
I knew you guys wouldn't believe me, which is why I taped her.
I brought coffee for two of us.
No, thanks.
If you're worried the caffeine will make you need to move your bowels, I live right across the street.
That's very sweet, but I gotta keep up the pace.
See ya.
Remember when you fell in love with that speed skater on the Wheaties box?
Turns out she was real too, but that didn't make her your girlfriend.
Look, in a perfect world, we could both be married to Peggy, but this is reality and I have to find someone here.
All right, all right, I'll do it.
Bill, I'm gonna help you win her over.
Here's a surefire way to sweep her off her feet.
You will tend to her wounds.
What wounds?
The one she got from falling in the hole.
What hole?
The hole you dug in the alley.
But I didn't dig a hole in the alley.
Not yet.
Oh!
Huh?
Look, we will dig a minefield of some 20 odd holes.
She'll fall, twist her ankle, and you will come to her rescue with the first-aid kit of love.
Bill, you've got enough problems without this lady suing you.
Man, holes ain't no cheat, man.
What you need is like them good old rap, man.
Talk about something like this.
Yo, how you doing, baby?
You know what I'm talking about?
They don't make it too.
They don't make it outside.
You know what I'm talking about?
Oh, god, man, that damn bone chain, man.
Cover for me, Hank.
Tell her I'd like a move to move to Denver or something.
Uh, I'm not really much of a liar.
Hey, do you know if Boom Howard's back from his safari yet?
Uh, I don't know what you're talking about.
Uh, he's, uh, you see... He moved to Denver.
There, Hank, is that so hard?
Wait, wait!
Come back!
She's not coming back, honey.
Of course she is.
She's Mr. Boom Hour's girlfriend.
Let's see.
How can I explain this?
You know how you can be happy eating vanilla ice cream day after day after day?
Well, Mr. Boom Hour isn't just like that.
See, he likes to try different flavors.
But he can have a new flavor every day.
He's dating the ice cream lady.
Mr. Boomhower had grown up sacks with the ice cream lady, and now he's dumped her.
You're never gonna have ice cream again, Bobby.
This'll be great.
Nancy and I've been dying for another couple to hang out with.
What about Hank and Peggy?
Between you and me, I've run out of things to say to that woman.
I'll help you, ma'am.
Uh-oh!
I'm down!
My name is... Just tell me where it... Ow!
Ow!
Ow!
Ow!
Ow!
Ow!
Damn it!
Can we go?
They're just gonna bring me to get you inside, man.
I'm gonna go ahead and just keep them ankles elevated.
I'm gonna help you out, man.
Go... Please!
Go back!
No!
Wait!
No!
Well, I see she's a bit of a hellcat.
Scratch jump, good.
After all I did for her, all these holes I dug, he just comes in here with his dang old this and his dang old that, and he steals her away from me.
Hank?
No, boom, Howard.
All he's gonna do is give her one night of marathon love-making.
I would've given her the same amount of love, but stretched out over a lifetime.
I usually run five miles every morning, but I think that counts.
I love her, but to use you just another notch in your belt.
Yeah, I tell you what, man, you didn't dug your own grave when you dug them dang old potholes, man.
Uh, fellas, Bobby's trying to nap.
This stupid jerk stole my woman.
I have never done that to you.
Dang it, Boom Howard.
Now we'll never hear the end of this.
No, you will not hear the end of this.
Hey, boom-hauer, here comes that lady jogger.
No, man, down on Denver, man.
Uh, Jaguar, woo.
Oh, man, you talkin' about a dang old sweet ride, man?
Got a full secretion of four-speed and don't cast out in a dang old lake-cocked-eye-fram clutch, man.
Now, I'm Bill Dottrieve.
I'd be honored if I could have some of your hair for my collection.
What are you doing?
I am flirting!
I didn't know you like classic cars.
Then again, the only thing I do know about you is where you're ticklish.
Steve, what, man?
When I'm going back, my plane will make me laugh.
Go, boom-hour!
Sorry, Bill, but I got a pack of winter.
Please don't put on ditto!
Please don't put on ditto!
And then I said, I know you.
You're the weatherman from Channel 7, right?
And then he says, no, I'm not.
And then I said, what are you talking about?
Of course, it's you.
You are that guy.
And he said, no, I am not.
And you know what?
It wasn't.
Hank, why aren't you in the alley?
Is it raining?
Oh, speaking of rain, I ran into this guy.
I can't listen to this story again.
I got to walk eight blocks to Carter's Market now and get my ice cream.
Why am I in the middle of this?
I bet Bobby Wish's boom-hour dumped the asparagus lady.
Uh, there's not really a asparagus, Lady Peggy.
It's, uh, funny.
Oh!
Oh, okay.
So you think Boom Howard's promiscuity is amusing?
Uh, not really.
Not really?
So what then?
Do his stories entertain you?
Does hearing about his bedroom antics excite you?
Is that how you get your freak on?
My what?
No.
No.
I. I. I love you.
I'll leave you alone with your dirty thoughts.
Yeah, you know, I turned 18, man.
My little mama's saying, you know, go and go and electrical engineering, boom-hound.
They're going to make me proud, you know?
I just don't do it, man.
Thank goodness.
Engineers are way too uptight.
Want to do some shots?
Ooh.
There you go.
Dang.
There's O.J.
in the fridge.
Make yourself a little something to eat, take a swim, just do me a favor and press activate to set the alarm on your way out.
Okay?
Bye.
Look at the thing up.
Oh.
Yo Hank, Hank man.
Hey man, talk about his mate man.
That ain't gonna boom hour man.
Huh.
I just turned on the backyard grill from the swimming pool, and Peggy said man would never be able to do that.
Woo!
Boom, Howard, this is the coolest fling you've ever had.
Oh, yeah.
Man, it's a damn cool fling, man.
I was using the master bathroom, which, by the way, I should have been master of, and I found this.
Hey, man, I did put him little things back.
For a rich woman, she buys pretty flimsy underwear.
Where's her ass supposed to go?
Dang, man, but...
Oh, this is a digital watch!
I could have been electrocuted!
I'm never talking to you again!
Yeah, I'll tell you what, man.
I'll tell you, you did just good riddance, man.
You're not normally so touchy about your girlfriend's unmentionables.
You getting serious with this, gal?
Oh, man, what are you... What are you guys doing here?
Oh, man, I'm sorry, baby.
You know, I just did a hot day, you know, thought I might have been inviting a couple of friends over, man.
But it's my bad, ain't ya?
I'm sorry, man.
I'm not leaving without my urine.
I left it sitting in the toilet.
Oh, thank you, baby.
How'd you go ahead and make yourself one, too?
Uh, I'm sorry.
Did you forget something?
Oh, oh, ma'am, I'm sorry.
You didn't need to go ahead and unwind, ma'am.
I'm sorry.
You got my digit.
You just go ahead and you do call me.
I saw this news promo last night that said something's going on in restaurant kitchens that might really surprise us.
But then I fell asleep.
Boom, how are you?
Stay up late.
Are rude customers really gutting more than they bargained for?
Ring, man.
Come on, baby.
Please, man.
Now, I'm talking about this, man.
It's been two days, man.
I don't feel like a dang old lifetime, man.
I remember when I fell in love with Peggy.
I'll never forget that first handshake.
I wanted it to last forever.
Love, man.
This is mental, man.
My stomach, man.
I don't know if I'm coming or going or getting out of my mind, man.
Love, me?
Hey, they on me, ma.
You don't take my loony little... What, me, ma?
Now me, ma, family makes your arc, and well, I'm about time I'm gonna ask you for that dangle ring.
Oh, boomer, you can't have dangle, I thought I was never gonna be buried with a dangle thing, oh, you little wow.
All right, all right, it's a pizza, not a kidney.
Boomhouser?
Marlene, I can't stand being apart from you no, no, no, one moment longer, man.
I told them I just like this ring, it ain't got no beginning and no end, man.
Okay, I'm gonna be honest with you.
I only understand about half of what you say.
The other times, I just nod and smile and wait for your pants to come off.
What I'm talking about, Marlene, is Daniel... I want you to marry me.
Whoa.
I understood that.
I see the pizza guy, but I don't see the pizza.
Stephen!
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, that's cool, baby.
Don't have plenty of Daniel Fishin' to see, man.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
I know that sound.
She's got you on the office speakerphone.
You're a loser!
Come on, Boomhauer, you're still the same old Tomcat you always were.
Hey, tell us that story about the girl from the Radio Shack.
You know, I was buying batteries.
Yeah, okay, well, uh, you know, my dang old Norelco died and then I went out and gave me some of them old triple A's, you know, so I... I don't know... Oh, my God!
Merlin!
Aw, boo-hoo-hoo, Howard.
I bet now you wished you'd only slept with a hundred ladies instead of a hundred and one.
Now you know how they all felt, except for that one that did it to you!
Bill is picking on Boomhauer?
He hasn't done that since he had hair.
We gotta do something.
The alley was balanced before.
A cool single guy and a cool married guy.
A loser single guy and a loser married guy.
Now it's me and three losers!
Dale, go sign out with Nancy.
We're going Tomcatten and I'm gonna need a wingman.
Gotcha.
Wait if you think for one second that I'm gonna stand by while you go on a floezy hunt for boom how are Peggy do you want another bill on your hands?
Take my car.
It's a chick magnet Boom how are where do the girls hang out nursing school magic store?
Hey, there's a woman all right
Do that thing where you compliment him and they come home with you.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I once told Peggy her hair looked nice.
She still mentions it.
She's hugging him.
Look at him go, Hank.
Don't look at me, look at them.
He's bringing her back.
Pretend you're asleep so they can make out.
You guys should get this poor fella back to bed after what that cold blooded witch did.
Oh, turning down his grandma's ring.
Oh, man.
They're there.
Thank God we're married.
Yeah, it's rough out there.
I know how dark it is for you right now.
Curled up, lying in your own emotional vomit.
You're in hell now, Boomhower.
And the only way out is through a long dark tunnel.
And you're afraid to go in because there's a train coming at you, carrying a boxcar full of heartbreak.
Well, let me tell you something.
All you can do is let it hit you and then try to find your legs.
I know.
I've taken that hit more times than I can remember.
Look at me, Moonhound.
I'm fat, and I'm old, and every day I'm just gonna wake up fatter and older.
Then somehow I managed to drag this fat old bald bastard out into the alley every day.
I'm out there digging holes, falling into him, climbing out, trying again, and tomorrow I'm gonna hang outside at a lady's prison.
And the first thing those lady cons are gonna see after 20 years,
It's me.
Will I get one?
Experience says no.
Will I be out there next month?
If I'm alive, you better believe it.
You gotta get right back up on that tanning bed, slip into a tight T-shirt, wash off some of that cologne, and get yourself out of that tunnel and into some strange woman bed!
Oh, yeah, man!
Yes!
That's what I'm saying!
That's right, man!
Yeah, yeah!
Whoa!
Yeah!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
He's going to make some lucky lady very happy, then very, very sad.
What you got, boom hour?
A hot date with that attractive garbage lady?
No, man.
I ain't got nothing to go back on my dang old horse just yet, man.
I got a little business I need to do first, man.
Boom, Howard.
I thought I'd never see you again.
Yeah.
Listen, man, I want to talk about, you know, I went off and walked a mile in your shoes, man.
I felt that big hurt, you know, and I just want to tell you, man, I thought I'd want to tell you, well, I'm sorry.
And how about we don't just be down on friends, man?
Welcome back to society.
May I offer you a ride home?
I'm driving.
So, what were you in for?
Killed my boyfriend.
Did that mean you're single?
Pretend you're asleep so they can make out.
