Happy, happy, happy, happy, sugar-coated birthday!
Oh, Lou Ann, this is the best half-birthday ever.
Wait, it's not even your real birthday?
My people die young, Uncle Hank.
I gotta get in all the celebrating I can.
You guys gonna love this place, it's town home.
Yes, since you gentlemen came all the way from New York to discuss business, I thought you might enjoy some authentic Texas barbecue.
Yeah, we figured you come to the zoo, you want to see the animals.
Hush puppies, double shortening biscuits, batter fries, not exactly health food.
Yeah, do they fry everything down here?
Wait, I don't see a no trans fat sticker on this menu.
Do you people actually still use trans fats?
Most cosmopolitan cities in America have banned those.
Even Philadelphia?
Yeah, I bet they still have an operator.
Hello, I'd like to place a call to Hillbilly77803.
This is Nancy Hicks Gribble.
Is Arland too fat?
Local civic leader Ted Wasanasong thinks so, and this tastefully cropped video is a shucking wake-up call.
That is why I am bringing a bill to the city council to ban the sale of food cooked in trans fat.
What?
This is outrageous!
What's a trans fat?
It's what people put in food to make it delicious.
But I love delicious food.
Dad, you have to stop them.
Oh, I intend to.
Don't worry, Bobby.
We will eat potato chip chicken again.
New York, Philadelphia, Los Angeles, Ireland.
What do these cities have in common?
Right now, nothing.
But they could share a future free from diabetes, obesity, heart disease.
It is just this easy.
Uh, excuse me, Hank Hill.
We know who you are.
The last thing Arlen needs is a food ban.
Are you saying you are for childhood obesity?
No, of course not.
How have you know my son is obese?
Calm down.
I'm not saying trans fats are good for you, but banning them isn't going to solve all those problems.
Tell that to that guy's poor, pathetic fat kid!
The government should not be deciding what we have the right to eat.
Besides, all sorts of foods can make you sick.
Rare burgers, raw oysters.
If you ban trans fats, you might as well ban that stuff too.
Fantastic idea.
Let's ban raw oysters and rare burgers too.
No, no, that's not what I'm trying to... All in favor?
Aye!
Super.
This food ban is asinine.
I wish the government would just ban itself.
Wrap your head around that, fellas.
I'm just glad the government is keeping me safe.
Now, I can snack my way to a healthier me.
Delicious and no trans fats.
Bill, we've been down this road before.
Mm-hmm, sugar-free.
Light beer.
40, 30, 30.
You don't have to worry about me anymore, Hank.
The government is doing that now.
Well, they did it.
They killed Sugarfoots.
What?
Those food bands put us right out of business.
Turns out those trans fats weren't everything we served.
Even the mints.
You can't close Sugarfoots.
It's an Arlen institution.
Where are we going to celebrate our birthdays and sports victories?
I don't know what else to do.
I guess I could turn it into a salad joint, but sooner or later, someone will use a spinach field as a toilet, and I'll be back in the same boat.
Where am I going to go for my biscuits, honey?
Or my corn fritters?
I'd pay anything for one last piece of sugar-fried chicken.
Anything?
This is wrong, Mr. Strickland.
You're the greatest American I know.
If anyone can fix this, you can.
You're right, Hank.
I'm going to mull this over and see if I can come up with a solution.
Mr. Strickland is mulling it over.
Eh, tight ride, Mr. Freaklin.
I did it.
I solved our problem.
You bought a lunch truck?
And I rehired my crew from Chuggerfuss.
Now we can sell whatever kind of food we want.
We in the illegal food business.
Uh, I'm not sure that's a good idea.
No, it's a great idea.
I'll be just like Joe Kennedy running whiskey down Provision, which helped him become the father of a president.
Well, I like the sound of that, but you could get in a lot of trouble.
You said the food bands were un-American.
What's more American than breaking an unjust law?
This is a fight for freedom, old top.
I'll do it.
For America.
Ugh.
doughnuts were one of my little joys.
If the government takes away puppy breath and really good yawns, I'll have nothing left to live for.
I might be late getting home from work, Peggy.
Buck has me working on a side project that's not technically legal.
Go on.
Well, I'm driving a lunch truck, and we're going to sell all that stuff at the city band.
So you'll be a criminal, and I'll be the wife of a criminal.
Well, I guess technically, but... And all the while we'll be living a typical suburban life.
It's just like the Sopranos commercials.
It's not like that at all.
I'm trying to change the law.
Of course you are, and good luck with that.
You have a strong brow, Hank.
I don't say that enough.
Just a couple minutes before we open, I think we're going to change a lot of minds today.
Elvin, how are those biscuits coming along?
They're getting golden brown.
They're just about done, Mr. Buck.
I give them a poke test.
Hold on.
OK, everybody, stop what you're doing and gather around.
Now, we're doing something important here.
This truck is a lone voice crying out that the hardworking people of Ireland should be able to eat whatever they want.
Our cause is righteous.
But people are going to look for ways to demonize us.
That's why we have to do things right.
We have to be cleaner and safer than the rest.
We have to refrigerate food when not preparing it and wash our hands often.
Now let's put on our hair nets and paper hats and go out and sell some freedom.
What can I get you sir?
Burger.
And how'd you like that cooked?
I got a choice.
Well you do here friend.
Hey, they got all the bad food in there.
That's right.
Remember to tell your friends about it.
Sugar Fudge Express.
The food you want.
And a price that reflects the risk involved.
Uh-huh.
Who's next?
Order up.
Rare.
Mr. Hank.
Mr. Hank.
You best come on up here.
Uh, hello, officer.
I heard you've got some interesting food here.
Thought I'd better come down and take a look.
We're glad you did.
Uh, we got fried chicken, fried okra, and a special side salad for our boys in blue.
Mmm.
Elvin, one bag of side salad for Arlen's finest.
With, uh, how about, uh, a 200-island dressing?
Mmm.
Uh, you better make that 300-islands.
Yummy!
Well, how about that?
The cops are on our side.
We must be making a difference.
Thank God Sir Burger stopped using transfets!
These fries really help me get through my energy crashes.
I've been having a lot of those lately.
I can't take it!
I'm dying for a raw oyster!
I never liked them before, but now that they're contraband, I must have them.
Can you guys keep a secret?
You're bad.
Mostly.
Buck and I have a truck that serves all the banned food.
A secret lunch truck?
Nancy's been trying to get that on camera.
I gotta go tell her.
Uh, that's why I swore you to secrecy, Dale.
They banned that food to save us.
Think about it, Hank.
If the government isn't deciding what we can and can't eat, who will, huh?
Who?
I need a nap.
Yes?
I have an anonymous tip for Nancy Hicks Grebel.
What does it do?
Well, I'll be damned.
I didn't even know you could fry a pickle.
Ted?
But the food bands were your idea.
A contradiction on the surface.
But unlike many, I have the discipline to enjoy these indulgences.
That's right, Hank Hill!
Ted Mason is home better than you!
Perhaps it is education.
Perhaps breeding.
The debate ranges odd.
Oh no, Hank!
We got company!
The news...
Let's bug out!
You heard Mr. Strickland, this is not another drill.
Let's go!
Get rid of the evidence!
Okay, honey.
Got it!
It's already yellow.
We'll never make it.
Well, it's either that or tossed out, little John.
Do it, Hank!
Damn.
I ran a red light.
Hey, fellas.
Fancy driving.
He saw us?
Why didn't he give us a ticket?
Because he believes in our cause.
He's a fellow freedom fighter.
But what does that have to do with reckless driving?
Plenty!
Let me tell you about another reckless driver.
A man named Paul Revere.
You see, he had a horse that ran very... Ah, screw it old time.
We're bribing the cops to stay in business.
He's on the take?
Uh, Mr. Buck, we need to stop by the green grocer and withdraw more salad.
Relax, he knows.
Dirty cops too?
You are walking a razor's edge, Hank.
Now whisper it again about the cops.
Hey guys, not a big deal, but I need you to sign this for school.
You got detention for chewing gum?
You can't serve kids burrito pies for lunch and not expect them to do something about the breath issues involved.
But you know chewing gum is against the rules.
It's an unjust rule.
I'm fighting for what I believe in, Dad.
What's happening?
We're liberating Europe from the Nazis, Hank.
Tom Landry?
That's right.
Before I won two Super Bowls, Hank, I flew a B-17 in World War II.
Everyone knows that.
I wanted to talk to you about your lunch truck.
Sort of a couple of my friends.
We don't think you should be breaking the law, Hank.
What?
But that's what you all did.
Mr. President, you were a loyal British subject until they pushed you too far.
And you suspended habeas corpus during the Civil War.
And, Tom, you broke all the rules with your revolutionary flex defense.
You're on a slippery slope, Hank.
You're ignoring posted traffic laws.
And now Bobby is chewing gum.
But I thought you'd be proud.
We're not.
Crouch!
Two o'clock high!
You think we could get mayonnaise outlawed old Topp?
Uh, Mr. Strickland, what do you think Tom Landry would think of what we're doing?
Topp?
Why the hell should I know?
I, uh, I can't do this anymore, sir.
It just doesn't feel right.
Rooster, what's he doing with the lunch truck?
An illegal lunch truck?
It's my turn now, Strickland!
I'm taking over all of its illegal food business!
Let's get them, honey
Who is Rooster, and why is he attacking us?
He's an old acquaintance of mine from Arkansas.
Dirty as the day is long.
Rooster, when I'm done with you, your nickname's gonna be chicken.
Careful.
This whole thing has gotten way out of hand.
I thought this truck would help, but it's making things worse.
I don't think I can be a part of it.
Oh, you can't quit now, Hank.
If we walk away, I'll be at the mercy of Rooster.
You want that?
Okay, fine, I'll help.
But just until we get rid of Rooster.
All right!
And everybody feels the same It's a unanimous decision I said we're ready
And then we missed the lunch rush because Rooster slashed our tires.
I'm losing a turf war.
I don't even want to fight.
Plus, Rooster's food isn't even that good.
What?
You've eaten from Rooster's truck?
Just once.
Today.
I had a hankering for some ceviche.
Subpar.
Dang it, Dale.
I'm trying to drive that guy out of town.
Yeah, man.
It ain't cool, man.
I'm sorry, Hank, but I... You okay there, Dale?
Yes.
No.
Oh, God.
Ross Avicii, from a moving truck, what went wrong?
Well, it serves you right, Dale.
Yeah, man.
Tell me about your dough.
Oh, damn, oh, oh, back down.
You too?
That's what happens when you sell people poison.
Luckily, I have nothing to worry about.
Thanks to my government-approved diet.
Bill, I didn't want to have to do this, but I think you should take a look at yourself.
Oh God!
Oh, thanks to Rooster.
Half this town is hugging their toilets.
There must be some kind of food poisoning.
I guess your constant whining about hygiene and refrigeration actually saved the papers.
I don't recall whining.
Now all we got to do is let everybody know it was Rooster who poisoned them and will get all the business.
We won on top, we won!
Well, as long as those food bans are in place, no one has won.
And I'm not sure they're ever going away.
From your mouth to God's ear, Hank.
Yes?
Nancy, it's Hank Hill.
I've had enough.
I want out.
I think I can help, should.
Oh, hey, can we use your facilities?
We've been peeing and snapple bottles all week.
The only thing your goddamn bands accomplished was to drive people into the shadows to eat where they got poisoned by a criminal.
Rooster and his crew don't care about food safety or hygiene.
And Channel 84's Nancy Hicks Gribble can prove it.
She has video evidence of Rooster's blatant disregard for maintaining a sanitary kitchen.
That video includes shots of everyone who broke the law and visited Rooster's truck in the past couple days, including people we all might recognize.
We could all watch the tape, or you could repeal the food bans.
I say we repeal the bans.
Yes.
Let us return the power of choice to the people of Ireland and attach a small addendum to the bill which orders the destruction of that tape.
All in favor?
Aye.
You know why these hushpuffies taste so good, Bobby?
Trans fat?
Because you're not breaking the rules to eat them, right, Peggy?
Hmm?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Rules good.
Hey, bad boy.
What do you say we skip out on the check, huh?
No.
How about this?
We load up my purse with packets of Splenda.
By the time they know what hit them, we'll be long gone.
No.
I thought you'd be proud.
We're not.
