I'll have another giant lollipop, my good man.
But this time, put a wig on it.
I didn't know you could do that.
Yeah, I know all the secret menus, Bobby.
Like, if you go just about anywhere and ask for a hugging cow, you'll get a burger wrapped in pastrami.
Mr. Dothrieve, there is so much I can learn from you.
No.
Go a little slower with the junk food, Bill.
Bill?
Bill?
Sergeant, you passed out from a blood sugar spike.
Looks like you're in the early stages of adult onset diabetes.
diabetes that can't be right I've eaten lots of sugar my whole life and nothing's ever happened to me and surely you've noticed recent changes in your body blurred vision frequent urination tingling in the hands and feet I just thought I was in love how did this happen seriously
Diabetes is very common among the obese.
For some people, there's even a genetic disposition.
Diabetes is very manageable disease.
If you do a better job with diet and exercise, you'll stop it from progressing.
Well, they say diabetes can happen to anyone, and anyone usually means Bill.
My genes have been plotting to kill me since the day I was born.
Yeah, you keep talking about your genes, but what about your diet?
Hank, it's not my fault my pancreas went out on me.
Yes, it probably is.
You gotta start taking better care of yourself.
I just lose control when I'm around food.
I don't even know where this hot dog came from.
You gotta help me, Hank.
Okay, Bill, I'll go with you to the grocery store, but only if you're serious about changing your diet.
I know you only let me stay it on Thanksgiving, but I'm grateful for you, Hank.
But it's carrots!
We already went over this with the zucchini muffins.
No, I give up.
My mom's fault.
When I was sad, she'd give me cookies.
But when I was happy, she'd give me cookies.
All of my emotions demand cookies, Hank.
Let's eat for dinner.
I ate a lean chicken breast.
Some broccoli.
One cookie.
You know, diabetics like him could really benefit from some basic nutrition counseling.
Oh, that's an interesting theory.
But you know what I learned at med school?
Oh, that's right.
You weren't there.
You may see a diabetic, but what I see is a diabetic who will never get his act together.
Oh, I see that under Are You Taking Any Medications, you wrote Jell-O.
I wrote that so I wouldn't forget to ask.
Three, please.
You probably want me to say that you can just die at an exercise your way out of this.
But two blood sugar spikes in a week.
Let's face it.
Sooner or later, this will kill you.
Probably sooner.
But what should I do?
Well, we have plenty of nice pamphlets that I'm sure you'll ignore.
But this is how I see your diabetes playing out.
First comes heart disease, and kidney failure, and blindness.
Oh, and you'll lose your legs to gangrene.
Wait, are you just giving me top love?
Have you seen other doctors?
Yes.
Did they tell you to die at an exercise?
Yes.
Did you do it?
Here, take this.
You'll end up in a wheelchair anyway.
Might as well get one now while you still have good insurance.
You know, it's amazing we never get sunburned.
Yep.
I can't believe Bill's in the hospital again.
After all the time I spent with him grocery shopping.
What did you expect?
Bill can't keep his hands off the sweets.
He's just like Winnie the Pooh, who also has diabetes.
Is that Bill?
Bill?
What the heck is going on?
Why are you in a wheelchair?
No, this?
No, I'm okay.
I'm just gonna lose my legs and then die.
See you later.
Take with food.
Take without food.
It's all so confusing.
No one ever said the D-life was easy.
The D-life?
Diabetic life.
He probably has to use so many abbreviations because there's so little time left.
I gotta tell you, Bill, I'm surprised your diabetes advanced so quickly.
As a diabetic American, you can never know what's coming your way.
Dr. Weisman said it's only a matter of time before I lose more than just legs.
Well, don't worry, buddy.
We're here to take care of you.
Whatever you need.
And we're gonna start by retrofitting your house.
Thanks, guys.
I'm gonna go read my footprints in the sand poster now.
He's being so brave.
You should have seen him, Peggy.
You could never really describe Bill as able-bodied before, but now it's not even an option.
Well, rest assured that diabetes is not happening to this family, which is why I've already made some changes at La Cocina de Peje.
Come on, Mom, I'm just a kid.
This carrot is just like that lollipop at the fair, only it has a wig of alfalfa sprouts instead of spun sugar.
And here's an onion.
This would go a little easier if you'd give me a hand, buddy.
No, don't want to go out.
Just drop me like God did.
Come on, we're gonna find you a nice wheelchair-friendly park.
Maybe just some really long pavement.
After I die, I want my ashes put in a snow globe, Hank.
Promise me that.
You're not gonna die, Bill.
We'll stop and get a new knob for your joystick.
And I want an eight-ball.
Now I used to run and be free just like them.
Can you help me find a position of comfort, Hank?
Oh, we forgot your pillow in the truck.
I'll be right back.
Hey, you want in?
Uh, no, thanks.
I can't.
Not with that attitude, bro.
I'm Sam.
But I go by Rowan Thunder.
But I go by Thunder for short.
I was going to call you that before I even knew your name.
What's up with the electric wheelchair?
You should shake that Prius for something that runs on muscle.
Oh, no.
My arms are all I've got left.
I want to use them as little as possible.
I'm not a fan of that kind of talk now.
Check out my ride.
Chrome, crush velvet, spinners, bumpers.
I'm in complete control, bro.
Check it out, huh?
I'm styling.
I'm profiling.
I'm styling.
Wow, you just made walking seem lame.
Hell yeah.
Come on, I got a spare one in the truck.
You can have it.
Wait, wait, I can't!
Nice!
Hey ladies, come here and sit in my lap.
I'll pretend I'm a massage chair.
You just talk to them.
Hey, are you all right?
Do you need help?
Did he ask you for help?
Oh, he's your attendant.
Yeah, I guess so.
I'm Hank.
Are you gonna propose to me or something?
You know, it's Adam and Eve, not Adam and Steve.
What?
I have to go with him, Hank.
He called me bro.
Bill looks so happy.
Who would have guessed it was his legs that were holding him back?
Yep.
Bill's been way more upbeat since he's been hanging out with Thunder.
He seems like a good guy.
I mean, he's pretty insulting to me personally, but... Hank, we're going out.
You wanna come along?
Plenty of room in the back for an attendant.
Thunder, I'm gonna have to adjust this mirror to get a better view of my amazing new pythons.
You know, I think I'll stay and attend to my beer.
That is, if you don't need me.
No, yeah, we're okay.
We can take care of ourselves.
My life would be so different if my name was Thunder.
Or Sean.
Oh, hi!
Go talk to someone.
Women find guys and chairs non-threatening.
Suckers.
I don't know.
My palms are sweaty.
I can hardly grip my wheels.
Oh, look at this delicious food my mom painstakingly saran wrapped for me.
My word, it looks so tasty.
And yet, I am willing to trade.
Oh, I gotta have it.
Let's trade.
What is it?
It says it's seaweed.
No way, Jose.
But you generally like eating gross things.
I know.
This surprises me too.
Oh, oh.
Whoa, nice chair.
Question, are those wheels angled for stability or just to make you look cool?
Answer, both.
Thanks, Dale.
Yeah, this chair is built for ramming into stuff.
Thunder gave me a spot on his rugby team.
Well, good for you, Bill.
OK, we've lowered almost everything in your house by two feet, and now we're going to build you a ramp for the entryway.
Yeah, that's nice, but I decided I don't need a ramp anymore.
I was thinking maybe we'll build a basketball court instead.
God dang man, look at you like a dang old Lance Armstrong, man.
Look, we're getting on a bound one, man.
Inspired, Bill.
Sometimes it's a man sitting down who stands the tallest.
It's deep.
Think about it.
Oh, maybe it's the other way around.
Just because you've been cheated my life doesn't mean you can cheat on my court.
Bill is really hustling out there.
This is amazing.
He never played rugby even when he had legs.
I've never felt more alive than watching Bill feel more alive.
We'd like to win!
Win, win, win!
We grow like bears!
Grr, grr, grr, grr!
We are the loved people!
Let us love and die!
Well, the old bladder's full.
Need to make room for more beer.
Bro?
No, wait, no, I'm disabled like you.
I've got diabetes really bad.
I'll prove it.
Normal.
Very funny.
Very funny.
Are you pranking us?
Are you like that Archting Karchner or something?
Huh?
That's strange.
I have diabetes.
I mean, not right now.
My sugar level's pretty good today.
What's going on?
That guy stole someone's wheelchair.
It's nice, but I'm not sure if it says Bill yet.
Let's give it a beer.
What is going on?
You're... you're walking?
Yeah, Hank, just because he's a paraplegic doesn't mean his legs don't work.
Yeah, I can walk.
And I lost my diabetes, too.
What?
I don't know what happened.
One minute I was all diabetic-y, and now I'm fine.
I don't get it.
Dr. Weisman told me I was gonna lose my legs.
Hold on.
I thought you already lost your legs.
I don't know.
My doctor told me to get a wheelchair.
When people yell at me, I do what they say.
So we did all this for nothing?
We've practically rebuilt your house, Bill.
And I literally dragged you all over town.
No, sure.
Feel sorry for yourself.
You've never been handicapped.
Neither have you.
This is awkward and sad.
What is that?
Some plant called wheatgrass.
Wait, what is she doing?
Dude, she's gonna drink the ground!
Bobby!
Oh, there you are.
Snack time!
I can't watch you suffer anymore, dude.
Here, have my candy bar.
Really?
Oh, thank God.
It's too sweet.
It's making my teeth itch.
Oh, my God.
You haven't had sugar all week, and now you're not used to it anymore.
I... I can't eat it, Joseph.
Huh.
Not bad.
Man, I don't, Bill, man.
I'm furious too, Boomhauer.
I can't drink in peace with Bill standing there like that.
Sco.
I'm sorry, Hank.
I'd walk away, but that just reminds me I can walk.
I don't know why you're so mopey, Bill.
You can walk again.
You're cured.
No, you don't understand.
I had it all in that wheelchair.
Women paid attention to me.
Buses would lower themselves before me.
When I checked the mail, people would call it a triumph of the human spirit.
But now, nothing.
People only cared about me when I was disabled.
You know that's not true.
Then carry me, Hank.
No.
Case closed.
Bill, people seem to care about you more because you were doing inspiring things in that wheelchair.
And how am I supposed to be inspiring with legs?
Running a marathon?
Climbing Mount Everest?
I can't climb Mount Everest.
It's already been done thousands of times.
What in the hell are you doing?
Why?
Why won't my sugar level spike again, Hank?
I want things to be like before.
Cut it out.
You'll end up in the hospital.
I know.
That's what I'm trying to do.
Nope.
Not happening, bro.
All that exercise you got hanging out with me got you in control of your diabetes.
You're welcome.
Why'd you bring him here, Hank?
To rub it in?
I brought him here to talk some sense into you because you're acting like a jackass.
No.
I just wanted to be special and inspiring like you and FDR and Larry Flint.
Bro, you cured yourself.
That's pretty inspiring.
That's right.
Dr. Wiseman said you'd never walk again.
He told you to give up and you didn't.
You beat diabetes, Bill.
Someone will probably write a whole pamphlet about you.
You know, if I were you, the first thing I'd do with my legs is stand up and kick your doctor's ass.
But for the record, I don't need legs to kick anyone's ass.
Dr. Weissman, my friend Bill would like to register a complaint.
Ooh, are you upset or something?
I said you had diabetes, not cryabetes.
You told me I was going to lose my legs.
No, I said your legs could fail one day.
Possibly.
I never said anything that could constitute malpractice under its current definition.
My legs work just fine.
Isn't that inspiring?
My friend is just... I don't hear a thing.
