This is nice country.
Maybe I'll retire out here.
Tell them all to go to hell.
This may seem like an exotic getaway from the hustle and bustle of the alley, but if you lived out here for a month, you'd go crazy.
The cows seem happy.
Well, that's because they're not being slaughtered.
Talk to them again in two weeks.
The people out here are simple folk, but if you don't put on any airs, ugh.
Is that a propane tank?
Madness.
This is the essence of prop comedy.
You take something boring and make it fun.
So, is it premium or have you been regular?
Call for me.
How's it going, Hank?
Howdy, Roy.
Your boy's pretty handy with the rope.
He's shaping up for the rodeo next week.
That's your boy.
Truth is, if you're under 40, you don't need this test.
It was like me and the tank were playing off each other.
We had a tough crowd, but I finally got a smile out of that Roy guy.
I was in the zone.
Hey, Dad, we could paint your grill like a monkey.
Bobby, you know how you used to like dressing up like a cowboy?
Well, now you could do it for real.
The rodeo's coming to town.
The rodeo's cruel to animals.
In nature, the bull lives peacefully with the giraffe.
It is brutal.
My uncle was a cowboy in the rodeo.
He had to leave Vietnam because he was waking up with rodeo nightmares.
It's just the kids' calf scramble.
It's fun.
The animals are running around without any plays or game plans or anything.
Kind of like Barry Switzer was coaching them.
I like the part where I'm running around with Veal.
And you'd be performing in front of crowds, Bobby.
You know, a lot of cowboys became entertainers.
Gene Autry, Roy Rogers.
Roy Rogers makes a good burger.
Yes, he does.
Peggy, I had some good clothesline somewhere.
Oh, it's up with the wine glasses.
Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Man, I'm gonna hock that bill.
I got a dang on like 10 pounds on the road.
Man, I'm gonna hang on.
And that, I had one something new beginning, man.
I don't want to take that long to page it, man.
I think he has the goods to turn pro.
Bobby, not Bill.
Hey, you know, Bobby, all my rest, if I hadn't been drinking my beer, that would have been right around my neck.
Bobby is gonna kick butt at that rodeo.
Mr. Dothrieb is much smarter and faster than any baby cow.
Well, quicker over short distances.
We should do the rodeo together.
All you need is your parents permission.
Aw, dad, can I?
Sure, son.
You can ask your mom.
Untie the queen.
Record time.
I feel quicker in these pants.
Oh hello there.
Bobby's pants.
The salesman said with children's western wear, the hard thing is if you don't want husky sizes.
Look at that painting, Peggy.
Great art makes you think.
And what I'm thinking is maybe the rodeo is what Bobby was cut out for.
Let's go eat some steaks.
How'd you get that belt buckle?
I want a belt buckle.
Well, I won the bull riding in Tucson.
Wow.
How'd she get that buckle?
Well, that's buckle bunny.
And she got that by me and friends with a cowboy.
Hey, even if I don't win, I can be a buckle bunny.
Just give him the forms.
Now for young cowboys already, it's time for our cast ramble.
20 caps, 20 boys, one to a customer, please.
First boy to high tide, cap, wins a $50 savings bond, courtesy of Satherton Fugh, down the heat with warmth.
That's a lie.
All right, Joseph, tie him tight, then quick and clean across the throat.
He'll never feel a thing.
Dale, I think you just tie him up.
There's no killing involved.
We need to pick up something for dinner on the way home.
Son, you're going to be up against farm boys.
But we fed you like a farm boy, so go get them.
All right, if our young bucks are ready, our young bulls are too.
It's going to get crazy out there.
Every cow for himself don't have anything with two legs.
Then go, hey!
That's it, Bobby!
Here, tie him up!
Rope him, tie him, grind him, fry him, take him home and mincemeat pie him!
Hand down, you goat!
Go down!
Goat!
Ha!
Hey, Joseph, how do you... Time!
Wingo, Joseph!
Another momentous day for the Family Gribble.
You're going down, sister.
Yeah, yeah, that's it, Bobby, tire him out.
It's not funny.
Hey, mister, where's the fire?
Uh, says, where's the fire?
Woo-hoo!
Woo-hoo!
Woo-hoo!
Woo-hoo!
Woo-hoo!
Woo-hoo!
Woo-hoo!
Woo-hoo!
Ladies and gentlemen, Zip Willie and Kit Halley are rodeo clowns.
Woo-hoo!
Ha!
Rodeo clowns.
Oh.
My God!
Excuse me, sir.
Are you Zip Twilly?
What do you want?
I don't know what your mama told you, but I had a vasectomy in 1983.
I'm not after your money.
I want to be a rodeo clown like you.
How old are you?
I'm in the seventh grade, but I'm just talking about after school while you're in town.
I'm good.
So we're doing fine on our own, so if you'll go back to the seventh grade, me and Cheddar are gonna round up the beer cans.
The baby routine doesn't work.
It's all talk.
When the diaper blows up, it's like, finally!
Then the doctor comes out and his bag explodes.
What the heck does that mean?
There's a logic to an exploding diaper.
Kid cut a fart?
Fine.
Why would the bag explode?
We've been doing the baby routine for 20 years.
Why does that not surprise me?
You need to get out of your ivory tower and see what's happening on the street.
Give the baby a giant bottle.
He can hit you with it.
He can squirt you with it.
Now I'm laughing.
Kid knows this stuff.
He doesn't have a costume, doesn't know the animals.
I can learn how about you.
Okay, but if anyone asks, you're a midget.
He's too big to be a midget.
Nobody's gonna ask.
Dang, rodeo clowns.
Zippo and Frepp, Tapply.
Now I'm gonna have to throw this out.
Who knows what else they use that bucket for?
Oh, you do not want to know.
We had rodeo clowns in Montana.
They are not just inconsiderate.
They are diseased freaks who will cut your throat for your invisible dog.
And where do you think they get those ridiculous costumes?
I'll tell you where.
From Montgomery Weird.
You should send that into Joan Rivers.
Yeah, that's where I got it.
Desert Rose.
Autumn Sunset.
Yes.
Which is funnier?
A happy clown or a sad clown?
Ah, six one.
You know, they gotta let you be a clown.
You're the funniest person I know.
Well, your dad's really funny.
Wow!
I'm not sure even Carrie Stroke could do that move in cowboy boots.
Oh, Carrie's jogging cowboy boots.
Those boxers haven't been made for 20 years.
Where'd you get them?
Wouldn't you like to know?
All right, you got the look.
But let's see you get a horse to notice you.
This guy's going down.
And now back to the adults.
Give all your encouragement to Clay Henry because he's right.
Mr. Dead.
A horse is a hearse of cars and cars.
Be my guest.
Hello, how are you?
Hello, how are you?
Hello.
Okay then.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hey there, Ben Cartwright.
When's your next calf scramble?
Uh, they keep shifting things around to keep us on our toes.
Well, when you find out, I'll put in for the Strickland luxury box.
Hector's got the afternoons reserved, but if I send him to McMainerberry in the old truck, what's he gonna do about it?
Okay, but like I said... I hear Joseph want another belt buckle.
You mean this?
Anyone want to wrestle me for it?
I have Joseph's strength now.
I tell you what, this rodeo's worked out pretty good for both our sons.
I haven't heard the words prop comic since Bobby picked up a rope.
And it keeps him away from the video games.
He was playing this Tomb Raider game where he was a girl.
What are you talking about?
What are you talking about?
I think I'm ready to save some cowboys.
Cowboys.
We save their butts when they get thrown, but they'll pull down your britches when you're talking to your woman.
You guys have women?
Yes.
My best friend's a cowboy.
Maybe we can start the healing, because the cowboys and the clowns should be friends.
We eat the same dust.
We've got the same smell.
What happened?
The last thing I remember is being caked by a horse.
Come on, Bobby.
We can't let your dad see in clown makeup.
Hey, Joseph, they say rodeo clowns smell like cow pies.
But I hear it's the other way around.
Your first concussion.
Now, don't fall asleep, son, both because you could die and because I want to tell you how proud I am.
I mean, look at you.
The bruises, the dirty clothes, the smell.
You're all right.
Is there anything I can get you?
The blonde girl who lives here said I like fruit pies.
No, you don't.
A tough guy like you, you like sports.
Now, kid, it's hard for an old clown to admit he's made a mistake.
It's a lot easier just to leave town and change your name.
But when I said you didn't have what it takes to be a rodeo clown, I was wrong.
Here's your ass pants.
Your lunch money had a Canadian quarter.
Hey Dooley, that little squirt's not bothering you.
Now if you want to see an annoying little squirt.
You've got dust coming out of your butt.
Come on, Bobby.
You've proved your point.
You're weirding me out.
Allow me to turn the other cheek.
Look, Peggy.
I think he's loping.
He's actually loping.
Well, he's skipping now, but he was loping.
Our little cowboy is becoming a cow man.
I didn't tell Bobby, but I'm bringing a client to the rodeo this afternoon.
I wouldn't want Bobby to know a propane sail is hanging in the balance.
Grab another buckle on Joseph Gribble, his third win this week.
Wait a minute, ladies and gentlemen, we have a late entry into the chicken roll bin.
The clown fell in some poop.
That's my underwear!
Huh.
Well, that's one mystery solved.
Why would that clown want to- And I know those are Peggy's shoes!
Hank is Bobby!
Bobby?
Bobby!
Isn't that your friend?
Well, he lives next door to me, but... They say that rodeo clowns smell like cow pies, but I hear it's the other way around.
Haha!
He's funnier than Bobby, too.
Maybe this is my fault.
I kept clowns away from him as a child, so he never got scared by one.
Do not be so hard on yourself.
It is not your fault.
It's all my fault.
My uncle wasn't a cowboy, Hank.
He was a dirty, drunken, rodeo clown.
Don't tell me.
Uncle Bafo?
That's Luan's makeup.
You're not only a clown, you're a thief.
I don't know which is worse.
Clown.
Bobby, I'm trying to help you.
You see, a circus clown is a carny who's too stupid to flip a ride switch on and off.
Now, you take a circus clown, roll him on the barn floor, and kick him in the head a couple hundred times, and what have you got?
Your son!
Yep.
Yep.
Mm-hmm.
Do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do.
Okay, Dale.
Hey dad, I won the goat roping and they're gonna let me ride a baby bull tomorrow.
My time was so good, they made me take a drug test!
Haha!
The only drug you're on is Gribble Cillin.
And you told me Gribble Cillin would possess no performance enhancing qualities.
Cheer up, Bobby.
Except for the cowboy and the man who straps the bull's genitals, there's nobody more important than the friend cheering in the stands.
And now our special event, riding our baby bull problem child, is our three buckle boy, Joseph Rebel.
I'm gonna get a hot dog.
I love my boy.
Don't you love my boy, Hank?
Zip!
Oh, dear!
That boy is gonna be gourd!
Bobby, wait!
Go Bobby.
What are you talking about?
What are you talking about?
What are you talking about?
What are you talking about?
What did I eat?
Oh, please everyone, everyone avoid the nacho.
Don't worry everybody, I'm fine.
Not so fine.
There's only room for one autograph.
I'd much rather have one of your buckles.
Okay.
But that doesn't make you my buckle bunny.
Oh yes sir it does.
Here's your ass, Pat.
