Oh, hi.
You have got to drive me to school today.
I cannot stop grading.
Why don't you double grade with a horror flow?
These are not spelling tests, Hank.
They are what I did on my winter break essays, and I cannot waste a single grading minute here.
I am known for my one day turnaround.
All right, but we gotta hurry.
Paint and paper is having their 8 AM madness sale.
OK, trip to Dallas.
B, trip to Waco.
B, trip to New York City.
C, trip to...
What the hell?
Oh, my neck is broken.
I'll sue you for everything you have.
Oh, it's Hank Hill.
What's the point?
I have everything you have, but better.
Con, on this side of the earth, we back out to the right.
Yeah, yeah, just my luck.
I run into uninsured redneck.
Not only am I insured, I happen to be a member of the Perfect Payment Club.
Ah!
My net is broken!
Did you have anything to drink this morning, Mr. Hill?
No.
Did you use a mouthwash or cough syrup?
No.
Did you eat an unusual amount of sausage?
Look, am I covered or not?
Yes, you're covered.
Mine is the deductible, and of course your insurance rates will go up.
Why should my rates go up, Ms.
Kaaliki Alii?
Well, it's gonna cost us money to fix your truck.
What kind of insurance is that?
Why don't I just take out a loan, fix my truck, and avoid the middleman?
You can't drive without proof of insurance.
However, you can't avoid the rate increase if you go to traffic school.
Singles traffic school, smokers traffic school, vegetarian traffic school.
It's like no matter what problem you have, they have a traffic school for it.
Hey, ice cream lovers traffic school.
I can help you with your homework.
No, no, I don't need any fancy frills or nonsense.
Here we go, right to the point.
Defensive driving school.
Just hope they know more about driving than they do about spelling.
Hey, what are you doing here Hank Hill?
Here Billy, traffic school all full up?
Ha ha!
Cut the comedy, Con.
It was your reckless disregard of back and out procedure that put us here.
I want to see you taking notes.
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo!
Put a sack in the house!
Put a sack in the house!
Put a sack in the house!
And I want to welcome you all to Deaf, Incident, Traffic School.
That's right, Deaf, Incident, Traffic School.
I'm Deaf and y'all be fences.
What is that?
You crazy?
Kid Mukay, hey!
Go check it out.
Look at all the white people we got up here in traffic school tonight.
And they say only black people break the laws.
Oh!
But that's not true.
This has nothing to do with defensive driving.
Excuse me, sir.
I don't mean to criticize your lesson plan, but do you have a lesson plan?
You trying to say that a black man can't put together a lesson plan?
Well, I got a lesson plan.
I'm planning on teaching lesson you shut up.
Well, hold on now, I didn't mean to be... Quacka, are you taking me serious?
Look, learning good driving skills is no laughing matter.
Go cracker!
Go cracker!
Go cracker!
Go cracker!
Go cracker!
Go cracker!
Budasek?
The Budasek?
I saw him on TV three years ago on breakfast at the Apollo.
He was making fun of white people, like how we talk funny and we don't have any butts.
He's one of the reasons I want to be a comedian.
Look, there's something we haven't told you, Bobby, but maybe now's the time.
You see, show business is inherently evil.
Hank, we agreed not to have this discussion until Bobby is 15 years old.
I know, but it's time for some tough love.
Bobby, comedians are show-offs.
Sure, they get beautiful women and drive fast trucks, but eventually... You have fast trucks?
You're missing the point, son.
Comedy is not a stable career.
I'm gonna take you to that traffic class tonight so you can see the lonely, pathetic future comedy has to offer.
You mean it?
I get to meet Buddha, sack?
What am I gonna wear?
You know, cause white people will be driving like this all bent up over the steering wheel going, oh dear, I think we've missed our exit.
See what I mean, Bobby?
It's just sad.
Yeah, white people, just like that.
Only one thing worse than white people driving.
And that's D-W-O, driving while Ory and Tell.
Oh, keep shot.
You the man, Buddha said, come on, on sand.
Bobby, we'll see ya.
Hey, open teller, get your butt up here on stage.
Poppin' Fred.
Now, see here, Mr. Sack.
That's my boy.
Hey, it's all good, baby.
It's all good.
I was just playing with my man here.
Now, now, now.
What's your name, young brother?
Bobby Hill.
Bouncing Bobby Hill.
Don't tell me, Bobby.
Do your old man drink a lot of beer?
Oh, yeah.
Don't lie now, Bobby.
Just stand around all day drinking beer with all these other white friends going, yeah.
No, they go, yup.
Sit down, son.
They're not laughing with you.
They're laughing at me.
Now, little blood, tell me why you're in the house.
Did you get a ticket for rubbing your butt too hard on your banana seat?
My dad brought me here.
He wanted to show me how sad and lonesome you are underneath.
You right?
You right?
Buddha's sad is a sad man.
But not as sad as your daddy saw herself with his four eyes.
Two men of pies, super size, crack a jack prize.
Uh, uh, somebody help me, come on.
And he likes French fries.
Ladies and gentlemen, this kid is gonna be the white rerun.
The white rerun, we got him right here.
Hey Hank, how's driver's ed?
You know, I only ask because I'm concerned.
I still have one more class till I'm through.
Everyone knows you back out to the right.
Yeah, right.
Take a brain surgeon common knowledge.
13 years.
Dave Henson lived in that house.
Never once did he back into me.
Yeah, of course, he was a 500 pound shut in shame.
He had to move.
They replaced that wall pretty nice, though.
Yeah, it looks all right.
I like the way it turns out.
Yo, yo, yo, Bobby Hill is in the house, I'm white.
Would you look at all the white people standing around, ain't got no butts.
Y'all the no butt havin' us people, I'm white.
And white people always be walking around like this.
Like they be crushing diamonds in there or something.
Look at me, I'm white.
Yo, peace up, I'm out.
What people do walk like that, really, especially in the army.
Man, don't talk about no butt, man.
I'm gonna tell you what, you know what, it's funny, man.
It's good, it's dangled true.
Look, I appreciate you guys' humor and bobby, but what the boy needs right now is to be demoralized into giving this up.
I thought he was funny, Hank.
Look at me.
I'm white.
Bill, leave the comedy to the professionals.
Yes, sir.
Buddha sack.
I'm Bobby Hill.
I was in your class the other night and I saw you on breakfast at the Apollo.
You saw that?
Yeah, I did some TV a few years back.
Did the LA thing.
Sit down.
Have a bottle of ketchup.
So how come you're in Ireland?
I mean, you're really good.
I got a little risque on Moesha a couple of years ago, and it's been hard for me ever since.
Anyway, TV's not where it's at, buddy.
It's just giving people the same old stereotypes, playing the same old stories.
I don't want to do that.
What I want to do is make people laugh and think.
You know what I'm saying?
That's why you teach traffic school.
Yeah.
That's why I teach traffic school.
Hey, I've been working on some new stuff.
Check it out.
White people think the hood is something on their sweatshirt.
And, um, how come the cops always be pulling me over?
What's up with that?
Bobby, let me give you a little piece of constructive criticism.
You're not black.
Oh, okay.
I mean, you gotta be real, Bobby.
You know what I'm saying?
Not really.
You're a white man.
Get in touch with your white roots.
Think of the stuff that's funny from your point of view.
Well, my dad's got a narrow urethra.
Haha!
Now that's funny.
But my dad says comedy isn't a real job.
Comedy ain't about listening to your dad.
You think Shaka Dake got the way he was by listening to his daddy?
Listen, I got a dope comedy jam Sunday nights.
As soon as you get real, come on down.
Thanks, Buddha sack.
Dad, Buddha sack says I'm funny and I could go up on his amateur night.
Son, let me put this in terms you can understand.
I am not down with that.
What I mean is no.
Ootisex says I shouldn't listen to you.
He says good comedians are rebels and they never listen to their dads.
What?
Now that guy is trying to turn my own kid against me?
You have no manners.
It's obvious that your mother did not raise you right.
Uh-uh.
What's that?
You talking about my mother?
Let me tell you about your mother.
Your mother is so fat, she jumped up in the air and got stuck.
What?
That's why I said your mama is so fat that she free bases hands.
First of all, my mother is not overweight.
She weighs 120 pounds, which is perfectly normal for a woman her age.
I said your mama's so fat, when she walks around in high heels, she strikes oil.
I don't think you've ever even met my mother.
If you want to pick on someone, at least have the courage to pick on me.
Uh-huh, uh-huh.
Your urethra is so narrow, sperm be gone through their single five.
One, two, three, four, sperm, two, three, four.
Okay, okay, that's it.
Pottymouth, I've had enough.
This is supposed to be a classroom.
I'm leaving.
Oh, you leave my class and I'm gonna flunk you.
Yeah, we'll see about that.
Mom, you got a minute.
Well, of course, Bobby.
Anything for you, honey.
Well, what is it?
I'm trying to find my roots.
You know what I'm all about.
Oh, honey, your roots are very rich.
Your grandfather and his father and his father's father were all married and bought houses and had jobs and had children.
But did they do anything funny?
Oh, honey, it sounds like you've never heard of a butter churn with a mind of its own.
Oh, and your great Aunt Charlotte, we used to call her Mrs. Magoo because she couldn't see well.
Oh, and she drank.
And the butter churn had a mind of its own.
It's kind of funny in an old person's way.
You're so lucky, Connie.
You're ethnic.
Joseph and I are just nothing.
We're just white and boring.
Yeah.
Then he said my mother was so big her stretch mark had names.
Well, has he ever seen you, mother?
No.
Is she overweight?
Not by half.
Well then, that's not funny.
I never did get that boot of sack.
Tell Mr. Sack I'd like to see him.
And another thing these video tapes he's showing are too mild.
I'd like to recommend a movie I saw in high school called Red Ass Fault.
Showed a fellow's brains being scraped off the road.
Now that kept me straight.
I like the way you think, Mr. Hill.
What's up, Boom Boom?
I told you not to call me that.
Now, Mr. Hill here has a complaint.
Hey, ain't my fault you don't got a butt.
Tell me, take it up with God.
Now, Buddha, we've talked about this before.
You can't say those types of things in class.
You're offending people like Mr. Hill here.
Well, I got something called freedom of speech.
Ever heard of the First Amendment?
Thomas Jefferson's turn over his grave right now, and the slave lady's on top.
Now, see here, Thomas Jefferson was a founding father.
He designed and built his own house.
Now, calm down, you two.
Sack, go put the fancy candles on the tables.
I'll deal with you later.
Tell you what, Mr. Hill.
He won't teach here again.
Now, I'm not supposed to do this, but why don't I transfer you to our Chalkaholics class for the last segment?
Huh?
How about that?
If we get on the internet, maybe we could find out something funny about white people.
Yeah!
Now, we can enter in keywords and then find material for your acts.
This is a great idea.
What words should we use?
White.
Roots.
Funny.
You guys busy?
We can take a break.
Because if anybody's going downtown, I need a ride to the comedy club to try out my new material.
That's funny.
Hey, y'all coming?
Oh, man, you can't be like that, man.
That thing ol' cocktail waitress been over the tuba, man.
I can find out the roommates, man.
That thing ol' double boy, man.
What did you do to Budasek, Hank?
He was fired!
Now he got that shit through prop comic!
I covered him watermelon!
I feel bad about that, but the man brought it on himself with his own locker room mouth.
Boomhauer, where'd everybody go?
Yeah, man, I tell you what, man, it took a day of their dang old truck, man, it was a muffler falling off the go, and it ain't got no brakes, man, sparks flying, like I told them, man, they fix their dang old thingy to put on some duct tape, man.
What?
They took Bobby to Snaps?
Oh, me!
Oh, my!
Boom!
Now, that's what I call general haberdasher.
Hey, Bobby, do that one about how the cops always be pulling you over.
I don't do those kind of jokes anymore, Mr. Doe Treat.
I got a whole new act.
Hopping fresh is keeping it real.
All right, all right, let's hear it one more time for my main man, Tonel.
All right, give him a little dab.
Now settle down.
We got a special treat for all of y'all tonight, the youngest comic to ever set foot on this stage.
Give it up for Bobby.
Yeah.
Everybody doing tonight.
All right.
OK.
How many people here are lucky enough to be members of the Nordic subgroup of the Aryan race?
Can I see some hands?
Yeah, it's tough being a white man these days.
It's tough, I tell you.
Folks, I'm so white.
During the riots, I went out and bought a television.
Is this thing on?
Uh-oh, Bobby's in trouble.
Dale, where's Bobby?
What's going on?
Well, he's no toenail.
Oh, I know.
Here's an old joke I heard on the internet.
It takes place in the slavery days of yore.
What?
Bobby, no!
Wait a minute, everybody.
This is my son up here, and he's only 12 years old.
Somebody shut that Nazi up!
Shut up you whitey!
Look, he doesn't know what he's saying.
Well, who are you?
The Grand Wizard?
No, no, I sell propane and propane accessories.
Yo, yo, yo, yo, what's going on here?
Let me get a piece of this.
Woo!
Opie, that new act of yours is seriously unfunny.
Am I right y'all?
You ain't allowed to talk that way, not in America.
Am I right y'all?
Wrong.
We got a thing called freedom of speech.
And a man on this stage can say any dumb ass thing he wants.
And besides, look at this kid's daddy.
The man don't got no butt at all, no butt at all.
I mean, his booty's so small, he gotta hold on to the light cord to keep him fallin' in the toilet.
He gon' drown, he gon' drown, can't swim, can't swim.
I mean, look at this man's booty.
Booty's so small, he gon' hold a hoop with a cheerio.
I said cheerio, not through moot, cheerio.
I gotta thank you, Mr. Sack.
You kept a cool head in a crisis situation.
Buddha Sack?
I'm sorry that I wasn't funny.
Well, don't worry about it, Bobby.
You know, rerun didn't start off that funny.
Well, thanks for saving my boy and not holding it against me that you were fired from teaching.
If you're looking for a real job, you ought to consider a career in propane.
You know, this whole humor fad is pretty much on the way out.
Good job, Roger.
You know, I want to apologize for all those things I said about your mother not raising you right.
I'm sure if she had planned for you, it would have been different.
Well, well, don't, don't make me go upside your- Got you.
Just kidding.
Check it out.
Drew Carey has finally developed a sense of humor.
That's all right.
Hey, Drew Carey.
Your mama is so ugly, when she walks in the bank, they turn off the camera.
And your mother is so ugly, it affects her self-esteem.
Your mama got so much hair in her arms, it looked like she got buckwheat in her headlock.
Well, your mother's hair is so short, she looks like she's not a woman at all, but more like a man.
More like a man, you gotta work on that one.
It's been so long since your mama's last bath that her hair and armpit smell like propane gas.
Now, excuse me, hold on there, fella.
A joke's a joke, but now you've gone too far.
Propane has no natural odor.
What you smell is actually put there by man for safety purposes.
Hello, I'm Hank Hill.
And I'm Roger Sack.
Tonight's episode dealt with racial stereotypes, especially the myth that white people do not have butts.
As you can see from the man standing next to me, that's simply not true.
Thank you, Roger.
It's a damn fine butt.
Uh, yeah, thank you.
That butt is the bomb.
Yeah, uh, I think it's time for the X-Files.
Now...
Go!
Boom!
Now that's what I call general haberdasher!
