Bonjourno, what can I get you?
Well, what do you recommend a couple of real big spandas?
My boyfriend likes a surf and turf.
medium cheese pizza, two waters tap.
Thanks for inviting me out, sir.
Yeah, yeah, well, this ain't a social cause, son.
You know the Strickland Propane Family Funday?
The Strickland Propane Family Funday?
We haven't done that in five years.
Well, glad you liked it, because this party is what I'm giving everyone instead of health insurance, so we can't mess it up.
That's why I'm putting you in charge.
I will treat this picnic with all the gravity and seriousness it requires.
Good evening and bonjourno.
The live entertainment portion of our evening is about to begin.
So would you please give a warm welcome to John Redcorn and Big Mountain Fudge Cake.
John Redcorn?
Maria's pasta and pizza.
Are you ready to rock?
There's a hole in my pocket where my money should go.
Right where you used to go!
There's a hole!
And a hole!
And a hole!
Big hole hole!
Let's get the hell out of here!
So, sir, what specifically did you have in mind for this picnic?
Uh-uh!
I delegate it!
You're the lead monkey on the back of this ostrich, so go make me a picnic!
Oh, uh, hey John Redcorn, you finished already?
We're finished forever.
Got fired from playing for free.
You don't get any lower than that.
That dang manager never got what fudge cake is all about.
No one ever does.
We're either ahead of our times or possibly way behind, stuck in some more classical time.
But either way, us and our times aren't seeing eye to eye.
Yeah, well, uh, I'm sure you and your times will work it out.
I couldn't help overhearing you have a big event coming up.
Yeah.
And we sure could use a break, Hank.
Well, uh... Don't you like to rock?
Wow, you're sure giving me a lot to think about here, uh, but I got the family waiting at home.
I'll get to work on him.
Dang it.
That is the third piece of toast you've broken.
And you're always so careful with your toast.
What's wrong?
Strickland Family Fun Day.
Do you think if I got good enough meats, it would count as entertainment?
You gotta have live entertainment, Dad.
Music, magic.
Some people even do both.
Entertainment is the only thing that distracts people from realizing how much they don't like each other.
So what am I going to be listening to while I eat this?
I don't know.
Finding a band for under $100 is harder than you think.
Hey, Hank!
The picnic's going great, sir.
Good!
Good, because I just got back from Strickland West and they've had a tough year in terms of general disc rundlemen.
Really need this picnic to be fun!
You see what kind of pressure I'm under?
You're like one of them astronauts, honey.
Mink?
Uh, hey, John Redcorn.
Did you find a band for your picnic?
No, he didn't.
And the poor bastards all twisted up over it.
In the animal kingdom, many animals work together in symbiosis.
The oxpecker bird will eat the ticks and parasites off a zebra.
You and I can be zebra and oxpecker too.
But why don't I let our demo tape do the talking?
I am the reaper, the collector of souls.
I am the taker, and the special of all.
Mother's pride!
Children die alone!
Okay, I'm sorry, John Redcorn.
I'm not hiring you.
No way.
I... I see.
You know, you start doing massage to pay the bills and you tell yourself just a few more years of this, Johnny.
Then one day, you look up and you're 40.
You're 40, Hank!
Okay there, John Redcorn, you make some good points.
Look, maybe you should stop waiting for other people to make things happen for you.
What does that mean?
Well, maybe what you need to do is to bet on yourself.
A lot of really successful people did that.
Bet on myself?
Sure.
It's your dream.
You make it happen.
Bet on yourself.
Wow, Ink.
You are very wise.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Dang it, Joe Jack.
That helium is for the picnic.
Sorry, honey.
The guy asked me if I wanted honey mustard, and I almost took a swing at him.
Long story short, I got a good deal on classic yellow.
The pony guy said, what?
What the hell is pony season?
What in the... Joe Jack, I'm gonna have to call you back.
Hey John Redcorn, what's going on?
Doing a little improvement on your land?
I'm doing an improvement on my life.
On all of our lives.
You said it.
Isn't it exciting?
I'm following your advice, Hank.
No more relying on other people to wake up and get us.
Now I'm gonna have a permanent place to play with my band.
I'm betting on myself and opening a casino.
But that's crazy.
No, it's brilliant.
Now we have a permanent venue for fudge kick to play, like Wayne Newton in the Stardust.
You're a genius, Uncle Hank.
There's a hole in my pocket where my money should go.
There's a hole!
And a hole!
Oh, God.
So John Redcorn is opening a casino.
I always wanted to see a white tiger before I died.
I feel like it's my fault.
I'm the one who told him to bet on himself.
If I wasn't so dang busy finding entertainment for this picnic, maybe I could have done something to stop him.
Relax, Hank.
You know what loosens the caboose of any party?
Big Mountain Fudge Cake.
Want me to see if they're available?
No.
They've got a super boffo Bachman Turner overdrive meets deep purple versus ELO kind of sound.
What are you, their manager?
Yes!
Can you believe the slot was open?
I guess you were wrong, Hank.
Dreams do come true.
Evening, gentlemen.
Where can I find John Redcorn?
Oh, he's the visionary right over there.
The one dripping with sex appeal and turquoise jewelry.
Hello, Brother Indian.
I'm Henry Mankiller with the Tribal Gaming Corporation.
You got my email?
Cool website.
Yes, and I hope you are enjoying your subscription to Gaming Nation.
Exactly what kind of Indian are you?
I'm 164th Creek on my mother's side.
So about your casino?
Actually, it's just temporary.
To get our band going, let's show him.
Gotta get money for the things I wanna buy Gotta get money so when the plane don't let me fly Gotta get money or else I'm gonna die This is where the drum solo usually goes Huh, with a sound like that you're not gonna need gaming for long I completely get that
But we can accelerate the process.
We are after all in the dream building business.
We got a dream that needs building.
You see, we're a one stop shopping for everything casino.
We can save you the hassles of dealing with the white man's loan offices by financing everything through our tribal development division.
That means your band is making gold records that much faster.
This pen has been used by many of our people to apply for financing.
Do I look like I know what a JPEG is?
I just want a picture of a goddamn hot dog.
Dad, the news is not good.
Swing band?
No.
50's tribute band?
No.
Even the polka band?
No.
Well, there was this one guy.
I think he felt sorry for us.
His name is Bloomers.
He does...imagintainment?
Well, I have a band.
called bloomers.
Let's open with I Need Money.
We can transition to Gotta Get Money and do a whole Money Medley.
I love that song.
Got to get the money for the stuff I want to buy.
We're gonna do some serious rockin'.
And then people are gonna hear us, and love us, and we're gonna be huge!
This is so exciting!
Ooh, ooh, ooh!
I've had a whole bunch of makeups free out of wear.
Uh, Luan?
Can I speak to you outside?
Listen, Yoko.
I'm the manager of this act, and I'm sick of you trying to split them apart.
What's it, Yoko?
Okay, Missy, that's it.
If you ever come within 100 feet of fudge cake again, I will spend the rest of my life making you miserable.
I'm gonna...my purse is inside.
Get!
Is this fun?
I suggest you book fudge cake now, because after the casino opens, they might be too big for ya.
They're gonna be helping kings and dignitaries get their groove on.
They're not right for us, Dale.
There are gonna be little kids at this picnic.
And we already hired someone.
Bloomers.
Fine.
But can I at least count on you all to be there tonight for the fudge cake when they open the casino?
Well, I do have to be there to keep an eye on Buck.
He wants to parlay the picnic money on the gaming tables.
Don't be surprised if Buck forgets all about that because the power of rockin' does things to a man.
It's true.
I made a lot of my life decisions at a fog hat concert.
I stand by them.
This night is full of magic.
Which one of these tables look lucky to you, old top?
Well, I'm not sure, but why don't I hold on to the picnic fund so you have more room for your winnings?
Oh!
Put it back there!
I want to put it back!
Hold on!
I gotta rub that way to his head for luck.
Hank, thank you.
None of this would have been possible without your advice.
Yeah, that's okay.
I don't really want to take credit for any of this, but you're welcome, I guess.
Hug by Indian.
We're winning big tonight.
Everybody, put your hands together for Big, a mountain, a fudge cake!
Thank you, Erlen.
And now, here's a song about a band.
A band that no one gave much of a chance to.
Until one day, that band showed everyone that they could rock.
A one, and a two, and a raise.
Okay, everyone, let's have a nice orderly egress.
Is this some kind of joke?
We're shutting you down, sir.
This is an illegal gaming establishment.
But we're on Indian land.
Look at me.
Look at all the headdresses.
Yes, sir.
And that land is in Texas, where there is no Indian gaming.
No Indian gaming?
Didn't you wonder why there weren't any other Indian casinos in Texas?
I thought it would work to our advantage.
They're wheeling away our shoddy glory, just like they're wheeling away them shiny machines.
Fudge cake's in a bad, bad way.
But this is my land.
My one chance to be heard.
I've already spent all the money I borrowed.
How can this be happening?
Texas tribes traded their federal gaming rights for state recognition of their tribes.
Now, you can let the folks play for trinkets and cones and whatnot, but not for money.
But that's an incredibly lame... Well, yes.
But legal.
Say a much, Blackjack.
Congratulations, sir.
Very lucky.
Blackjack pays a stuffed lion.
How am I gonna stick this in a G-string?
Where's everyone going?
They're gonna miss our show.
This is a sad, sad day.
The white man never stops putting you down.
The white man?
How could you not know there was no gamey in Texas?
Look, the dream business is not extremely detail-oriented.
Anyway, just stop by to give you a friendly reminder.
You still owe us $23,000.
I could sue you.
Possibly.
But you'd spend years in the white man's courts, fighting the white man's lawyers, which we have a lot of.
Instead, I have a solution that's good for all of us.
Permit to allow toxic dumping?
Unless you have another way to come up with the money.
Oh, and keep in mind your topsoil will become very flammable.
Oh, not only have I failed as a musician, I'm gonna have to destroy my own land, my people's land.
Come on, guys.
Did we give up when I left the E off of all of our merchandise?
No!
And we wore those fudge-cacked t-shirts with pride!
Now you guys keep focusing on being stars, and I'll focus on a way to fix this.
You look like I feel whenever I run over one of my dogs.
Everybody seems pretty happy.
Bloomers has good buzz.
Yep, we sure pulled it off.
No, Hank.
We all did.
Oh, I mean, we did.
Bloomers!
Get in the car.
Why?
I just got here.
Hey, I'm driving you to the green room essay.
I got all kinds of cheeses back there.
Gribble.
Got him.
Good.
Make him disappear.
You want me to kill him?
What?
No!
Although... No, just drive him around.
But I'm happy you're being proactive.
There are no bad ideas.
I wanna go on board!
You said this would be fun.
I thought there was going to be bloomers.
Make bloomers be here.
Where the heck is bloomers?
Dad, things are not good.
I've been circulating among the kids as Roberto Hillenbrand and their board.
If bloomers doesn't show up, there's talk of a possible egging.
Hank, what the heck is going on?
I just got a back full of raw hamburger.
I don't know what happened, sir.
Now they're tipping over Porta John.
If you got a plan B, you better put it into action pronto.
Mr. Strickland makes a good point.
All hell does appear to be breaking loose at least if you book fudge cake you tried something Dale get me fudge cake
We got a gig!
We got a gig!
Oh wow!
The Strickland Family Days picnic.
Family Days?
That ain't rock and roll.
What does it matter?
An audience is an audience.
Fudge cake don't play family picnics.
It send the wrong message.
I ain't going.
And that double ain't going.
Are you crazy?
This is a paying gig with hundreds of people.
Yeah, well, the cake don't sell out.
Hank?
What in the heck is going on?
Where's the rest of the band?
I thought I owed it to you to tell you in person.
We broke up.
Fudge cake is dead.
Well, I guess I'll go break it to the crowd that we don't have any entertainment.
They'll probably yell and throw stuff at me, then buckle yell and throw stuff at me, and fire me.
Well, maybe that'll be entertaining for folks.
Hold on a second, Hank.
John Redcorn, you're the heart and soul of the cake, man.
You can play this gig yourself.
Alone?
Me?
Besides, kids aren't going to want to listen to me.
The BMF sound is universal.
You can adapt.
Hmm.
I guess there is that song about killing myself.
I could rewrite it so it's about personal hygiene.
Love it!
Now go!
Hello, and welcome to the Strickland Family Fun Day.
I am John Redcorn.
Here's a song I wrote after government agents shut down my gambling establishment, and I wanted to die.
Wake up, just want to...
Wash myself, clean my wrist, scrub my brains out.
They'll miss me when I do.
So, you and your son having a good time?
There's a hole in the jar where the cookie should go.
There's a hole in the tank where the fish should go.
There's a hole and a hole and a hole.
Yeah, when I first found Red Corn, he was in some go-nowhere white snake meets white lion meets great white rip-off group.
But I recreated him as the Native American Rafi.
There's a hole and a hole and a hole.
There's a hole and a hole and a hole.
I tell you, Elvin, this is rock and roll.
Hell yeah!
dilly dilly dilly dilly dilly dilly dilly
