Son, look, there's Big Tex.
He's like the Grand Canyon in the Statue of Liberty rolled into one.
He seems tough, but kind.
Yep, he always tells us what to do and see and eat.
I've gotten better advice from him than from my own father.
Howdy, folks.
Howdy, howdy.
Check, check, one.
Howdy.
Wow, I'm finally entering the grill off.
It's just like in my dreams, except in the dream I'm wearing Tom Landry's hat.
Excuse me, sir.
You have two different boxes for charcoal, mesquite, and hickory, but I don't see a box on the entry for grilling with propane.
Because you can't use gas at a grill off.
Charcoal only.
Your choice of sauce.
Starting this year, bacon counts as a sauce.
Sir, I choose to enter this contest grilling with propane.
It's not a sales ploy.
It's what I prefer.
This is a charcoal competition.
Always has been.
Why don't you take your gas and go fill up your balloons or whatever you do with it, and leave the grill until the pros?
Two boxes for charcoal, Bobby.
Two boxes.
It's madness.
I know!
That really boils my... Makes me wanna... I got a level with you, Dad.
I've just been picturing myself on the roller coaster the whole time you were talking.
If the election were held today, I would vote for... Nobody!
I know that elections don't happen today.
They happen on Tuesdays, in months, and in November.
Why do you want to talk to my mother?
You know, if I ever win the Lotto, I'm gonna buy this house, knock it down, and build this house on top of it.
I am so sick of people calling and asking to speak with the woman of the house and then treating me like the baby of the house.
Now now, Luanne, let's not be the crybaby of the house.
Oh my god, look at this.
The Baxter death mansion is on the market.
The scene of Arlen's most notorious crime of passion.
Also, most exciting murder ever to happen in a laundry room.
Oh yeah, I remember!
The handsome millionaire and his girlfriend were eloping the Switzerland, but they were tragically stopped by that crazy old woman with the bad hair.
And her gun.
Luanne, that crazy old woman was his wife, the one who put him through medical school.
Oh, why don't you go play with someone your own age?
Hey, Connie babysitting an eight-year-old, give him a shot.
Oh my god, it's an open house.
Ladies, get ready to see five sunny bedrooms, eat in kitchen, and murder.
Yep.
Yep.
Propane is excluded from the Texas State Fair.
Boomhauer, are you insane?
I just told you they excluded propane.
You too?
First Bobby and now you guys, where's the outrage?
Rules are rules, Hank.
Without rules, there would be chaos.
That's why we no longer visit the public pool.
But this is blatantly unfair.
Yeah, poor, poor Hank.
With his wife and his son and his hair, nobody will let him grill with propane.
Who's gonna show me some rage?
Dang it, I should be calming you people down, telling you there's no need for violence.
Yeah, yeah, of course.
Charcoal propane, huh?
Hank, it's just a rule.
I would never teach Italian in my Spanish class, even though they are practically the same language.
Gotta go!
To really get ready for the Tilt-A-World, I should have eaten a few corn dogs first.
If you wanted to feel like the Tilt-A-World, you've got a tilt, and snap your head around.
Children, stop that.
Play nicely.
What are you talking about, Luanne?
Don't you sass me, young man.
I am your elder, and I am to be treated with respect.
Yeah!
Hold her up.
Wow, if you're gonna be butchered by a spurned wife, this would be the place to do it.
Any questions, ladies?
No, that's OK.
We're just going to take a quick look around.
Thank you.
Oh, I'm afraid we're only showing this house to potential buyers.
No lucky lose.
If you want a rubber neck, there was a pile up out on Highway 183.
Lucky lose?
Thanks for coming.
Super.
Just super.
I could see my family very happy here.
Oh, wait.
There is one potential deal breaker.
Is there a laundry room?
Is there a laundry room?
have got to come back.
If we do not get to see that laundry room, then the victim will have died in vain.
Smell that girl.
Is that the smell of a second class heat source?
Who's out this food for?
I don't even know anymore.
No one cares.
Why not?
It smells so good.
Exactly.
That's because you're smelling the food.
See, if this were charcoal, all you'd smell is that dang smoke.
I hate smoke.
It makes my mouth taste like I kissed a guy who smokes.
Not that you know what it's like to kiss a guy.
So, well, no, some guys do.
Just not you.
No, not me.
But I see exactly what you're saying.
You prefer a cleaner, burning fuel.
That's what I was saying?
And you agree with me?
God dang right I do.
You know what, Luanne?
You just earned yourself a burger.
Go ahead and pick one out.
And that's why I decided to go with State Farm.
This is such a serious grown-up conversation.
I'm so tired of everybody treating me like a child.
Just because I live at home and always have to bomb rides, I still should be taken seriously.
Well, of course you should.
It's just like those people at the fair who won't take propane seriously.
You know what?
I say we go down to that fair and set up a propane grill right across from those stinky charcoal grills that the people see what they're missing.
You mean like some sort of crazy protest grill?
That's not the kind of thing I normally go in for.
But they're pushing around propane, and propane doesn't have arms to push back with.
Luan, I'm in.
We're a team.
I want to celebrate.
Toss another bucket of propane on the fire.
Luan, maybe I should get you some brochures.
Whatcha doing, Uncle Hank?
What I've done is I've married the cold precision of the Wagner Char-King with the fiery passion of the Hoffman Meatmeister.
I may have voided all the warranties, but I don't even care.
Look out, charcoal!
It's Super Grill!
Yeah, I can make a poster with Super Grill wearing a cape and saving people everywhere with his magic rainbow of meats!
I get it, it's a catchy image.
But, and here's my criticism.
Okay, okay.
I'm an adult.
I can handle criticism.
Remember how you wanted to be taken seriously?
Well, so does propane.
Sure, a rainbow of meats would be fun.
Great for a kid's bedroom.
But we're looking to change lives here.
I understand.
Great.
Now we've got a lot to do with just three days until the fair.
Build the grill, print up the pamphlets, fact check the pamphlets, design a char pattern, and that's just for starters.
Hey, I bet I could get some people down at the college to help us.
I still know where it is.
That's a great idea.
Luanne, I am officially designating you recruitment coordinator.
That could have been us protesting for propane with Hank right now.
Gentlemen, we dodged a very boring bullet.
I love old Hank, man.
God dang, man.
They're gonna talk about it on the propane, propane, propane, man.
And they don't talk about what I do for a living, man.
Poor Bobby.
Being replaced by Lou Ann.
My dad replaced me with TV and the bottle.
Hey, we should let Bobby hang with us.
Seems the least we could do.
Now, when we ask him, try not to seem too needy.
And if he says no, pretend like we didn't want him anyway.
Just say no to the WZO.
No to animal testing.
Oh, no, I'm rocked well.
Stop the otters.
This man is derelict.
Wow.
It looks like you hate everything.
Do you think you could hate charcoal, too?
I think you could persuade me.
Okay everyone, let him hear it!
No blood for charcoal!
Hi!
Hey, hey, sup?
Now, who's ready to put on a serious protest with me and Uncle Hank?
Charcoal is murder!
Oh, that's so good!
Dude, things that are murder is my thing.
Smoke is murder!
No blood for charcoal!
Uncle Hank is gonna be so excited!
Luan, this is Uncle Hank.
He's a real uncle.
Not an older dude who's like your boyfriend, right?
You know what?
I am the babe around here.
I am not gonna become the mom.
Hey, Uncle Hank.
Oh, hey, Luan.
How'd it go at the college?
Great.
I got a team.
They're focused and committed.
I can't wait for you to see all the signs we made.
Uh, no rainbows or smiley faces, right?
Uncle Hank, we're looking to change lives here.
Well, all right, Luan.
Great job.
Just follow my lead and get ready to gloat.
Oh, you girls don't have jobs, do you?
Like I said, potential buyers only.
How's this for potential?
We will give you 200,000 over asking price.
Yeah, I bet you didn't see that coming.
Now show us the damn laundry room.
Peggy, what are you doing?
Relax, Nancy.
We're not really going to buy the house.
We're just going to put in a bogus bid, and the whole thing will fall apart during escrow.
Hey, lucky lose!
Out of my kitchen!
Of course, we will need some earnest money, which on your generous offer comes out to $15,000.
Fine.
Drive me to the bank.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
Okay.
So, Bobby, are you upset by Luan usurping your first-born male ride of prima-grillature?
Are you kidding?
I'm just hoping she can throw a football too, because then I'm home free.
That is a great attitude, Bobby.
You know, we should have done this years ago.
So, I can see why you guys like this, but I've got two weeks allowance in my pocket that's screening state fair.
I say let's do it.
I'm not going to play.
You're as good at telling me what to do as your dad is.
Howdy, folks!
Today, Plog Dancing Unlimited.
Stay Grill Off!
The World's Smallest Hippo!
Propane?
That's a fine fuel, but it ain't no match for a mesquite mix.
Took my grandpa 19 years to get perfect.
With all due respect, sir, it's not a fair competition unless all heat sources are welcomed.
All we ask for is an equal chance.
Well, a man can respect that.
Once my team gets here, you will get all the steak and information you need to make an informed choice.
Hey, hey, hey!
Ho, ho, ho!
Your deadly smoke has got to go, cop, cop!
Choo choo!
What the?
Oh, God, protest kids.
Get a job!
Propane is in the way to go!
Ready, everyone?
Finger of shame!
Shame!
Shame!
Hi, Uncle Hank!
Luan?
That gal is on your team?
Sir, I swear to you, I... Hey, everybody!
Zion!
Woo!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Luan, what?
I can't, what?
Isn't this great?
No, it's horrible.
Didn't you hear a word I said?
Yes, I heard all of them.
Look how serious we are.
Jason is dressed as death.
What is more serious than death?
No, no.
Luan, you're off the team.
What?
But I'm trying.
I don't care what you're trying.
Now get away from my grill.
Luan?
But we haven't had our puke in yet.
Luan!
Luan!
Hey, wait up!
I really do think propane is great.
It's a better heat source than charcoal.
It just is.
I know what you're going through.
I'm old enough to help propane by myself.
I'll show him.
I just have to figure out how.
And when?
You gotta do something big.
You gotta get his attention, like, move out of his house.
I mean, you could totally crash with me.
Thursday night, livestock show.
Free diabetes screenings.
I could crash with you, or do something bigger.
Uh, sir, that circus did not represent propane.
If you would just give propane another chance... Sunday night!
Salute to the pecan!
Thursday!
Attention Texas!
Charcoal is murder!
Luanne?
Grill with propane!
If you don't use propane, I'm going to stop on you!
Um, how do I move the legs?
Taste the meat, not the heat!
Listen, Texas, our forests are dying to make the charcoal to burn the flesh of the cows you've murdered.
But there is another way.
Dang it.
Yeah, we tried that.
She's got her own megaphone.
We can't do much besides wait her out.
Dude, that's his first hit out of the dozen.
A lot of times these kids don't even nick me.
Are you just gonna take that?
Well, but with the lawsuits and all.
As I say, we got it under control.
Anyway, I have to ask you to clear the area.
I'm not the one throwing eggs.
Sir, please don't make my job any more difficult.
Ha ha!
Babylon is going down!
Take that, airfuehrer!
There he is!
Hank Hill!
Who thinks he's the only one who cares about propane!
Shame on him!
Shame!
Shame!
That's right!
Run away!
Shame!
Turn the wheel, Mr. Dothrae!
Turn the wheel!
Bobby, this is what it would look like if Boom Hauer and me had a baby.
So what should we do now, Bobby?
Can I have a fried Twinkie?
So, if we grill the forest, where, like, squirrel supposed to live?
Luan, courage!
Can I get you anything?
Please?
A diet soda?
And maybe a sandwich?
Oh, and could you bring me up a bucket?
I have to go to the ladies room.
Mrs. Hill, your mortgage payments would be 300% of your household income, which is what we in the business call a tough nut.
I'm gonna level with you.
I just wanted to see the freakin' laundry room.
Hmm.
This is the Baxter death mansion?
Yep.
And Miss Number One on the west side thinks you have to be a millionaire just to get a peek.
I think we can work something out.
I'm sending something down.
I got it.
No, I got it.
And you're sure this thing is loud.
How fast?
Oh, okay.
Fine.
I'll take it.
55.99.
Stop that.
Boy, it's hot in here.
Where's my sandwich?
Luan, can you hear me?
Yes.
Then get the heck down here.
You're acting like a complete jackass.
Sir, you're not authorized to negotiate with that subject.
This is my protest.
Why are you against me?
I was trying to help you with your propane.
Hank, what's going on?
It's Luanne.
She's ticked off at me and she's commandeered Big Tex.
I've got to find some way to get her down.
It's Big Tex.
Maybe you should ask Big Bob.
This is a lot like the time I locked myself in my room and wouldn't come out.
Do you remember how you got me out?
Yeah, I put candy outside your door and told you you had five minutes before I ate it.
Go for it, Dad.
Look, Luan's an adult.
Treating her like a kid is not gonna... Oh, Lord.
Uh, sir, I think I can get her down.
Uh, folks, I sort of have to say something to my niece.
It's kind of private, so if you could all put your fingers in your ears.
Alright, fine.
Uh, Luan, I, uh, understand why you're mad at me.
You did something I don't agree with and I, uh, treated you like a child.
And that was wrong of me because, uh, I owe you a lot.
Uh, but working with you is, uh, you know, the whole reason I'm even here today.
And even though I still think what you're doing is asinine, if you come down here, we can talk about it.
Like adults.
Uncle Hank, I'm coming down.
Well, this blows chunks.
Yeah!
Dude, you just nailed a real cop.
Oh, crap.
Run!
Wow.
Thanks for coming down, Luanne.
Well, Officer, I'm an adult now, and I'm ready to do what grown-up people do.
Go to jail.
Sir, I guess the two of us are in this together.
I think my report's going to say that while we were busy with the violent situation, a nonviolent offender walked off and we were unable to locate her.
Come on, get out of here.
Thank you, officer.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Ms.
Platter, I think we'd better get out of here while we still can.
Mr. Hill, I think you have a very good point there.
So I have to ask, is Big Tex as amazing inside as he is from the outside?
Yeah, you think you're gonna be really nervous because like he's Big Tex at all?
But actually, he's very down to earth.
Really, like being inside of a regular giant guy.
A man of the people.
I knew it.
Howdy, folks.
Today's state grill-off.
Clog dancing unlimited.
The world's smallest hippo.
Howdy.
Thursday night, livestock show.
Free diabetes screenings.
Howdy.
Sunday night, salute to the pecan.
I don't know, propane, propane, propane, man.
