Okay.
I just voted.
Could you see anything?
Nope.
Nothing.
You could develop film in that booth.
Mm-hmm.
That's right.
Peggy Hill's Garage of Democracy is gonna make those saps in Precinct 9, which they never voted in that stinking firehouse.
Hey, Dad.
Can you give me and Lou Ann a ride to where Route 15 meets the 42?
Why?
There's nothing there but a huge empty lot.
Uh-uh, Uncle Hank.
This week, it's 20 acres of fun and one extra of craft.
I've had mechanic pay.
Well, Luanne, I wish you'd get this excited about voting in your first presidential election.
Now, did you send in those registration forms I gave you for your 18th birthday?
No, but that's okay.
I'll just vote for president next year.
Come on, Mom.
I am not leaving until this booth has proven to me that it is 100% confidential.
Okay.
How many fingers am I holding up?
Peggy, there is absolutely no way you can see through that.
Three!
I was just guessing.
Mom, can I have five tickets for fair food?
I don't want them guessing my weight on an empty stomach.
Oh, I'm hungry too!
Luan, you should be hungry for democracy.
No, I think I've earned a coin on a stick.
Luan, in a few years that corn will be gone, but the thrill of voting lasts and lasts.
I still get goose pimples thinking about pulling the lever for Councilman Fred Ebert.
Of course, then he betrayed me.
Now go on and register.
The polls and the media have been ignoring my campaign.
But they're gonna have a little surprise come election day when long shot candidate Ted T. Gannaway moves out of his parents' house and into the White House.
Hey look, a fringe candidate.
Poor confused bastard.
Well, you have to admire his dedication.
I mean, he's right here in the heart of what I like to call bush country.
Hello, friend.
I contact.
Nice job, Hank.
You talk to him.
My name is Ted T. Ganaway, and I'm running for president.
Uh, yeah.
Well, my wife and I are pretty committed to George W. Bush, you know.
And even if we weren't, uh, well, there's four or five candidates ahead of you.
Well, good luck with the campaign.
Governor George W. Bush and Vice President Al Gore want you to focus on my hit-and-run conviction and not my 16-point plan for America.
Dad, I know it's not up your alley, but there's this pig named Mitch.
Let's go.
Welcome, folks!
Y'all ready for some world-class pig diving?
Now, before we meet our star, let's give our county fair howdy to Mitch's fishes!
Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you the main event.
The real deal.
The finest diver with four legs.
The Paul Gluganus, Mitch, the Amazing Diving Pig.
For his first diving, Mitch will perform the Tula Hula, a death-defying plunge through not one, not three, but two hula hoops.
That was pretty good for a pig.
And now for our finale.
Mitch will dive through three rings of burning fire.
It is the most difficult dive known to man or pig.
The Johnny Cage.
You can do it, Mitch.
Not nothing to worry about, folks.
Mitch is just hamming it up.
Somebody do something!
Oh God, Mitch!
Bobby, no!
That's pig water!
What?
Mrs. Dead!
Not this big, not today.
Thank you, sir.
You saved my boy's life.
What's your name?
Bobby Hill.
Let's give a big hand to Bobby Hill, the amazing Pig Savin' Boy!
Oh, God.
How much money is it gonna take to get that film?
Oh, don't worry.
I'm not with the press.
I'm with the Bush Cheney campaign, and you must be the amazing pig-saving boy's father.
Well, I don't... This is just the kind of heroism the governor loves to attach himself to.
Why don't y'all come to his get-out-the-vote rally next week as our guests?
Well, great.
Now, if you do a background check, I'm Hank R. Hill.
Not that Hank P. Hill who doesn't pay his Discover card bill.
I can't!
I registered to vote!
Oh, terrific.
George Dubya's gonna need every vote he can get, or they won't call it a landslide.
George Dubya?
He's not a communist, is he?
Uh, no, he's not.
Wait, oh, here it is.
The hour candidate is Robert Parigi.
What?
Communist?
No.
I guess I cancel your vote out.
My first deduction.
And your vote means nothing.
Long live the People's Revolution!
What were you thinking?
The Russians don't even believe in communism anymore.
You said you wanted me to vote.
You sure did, Hank.
Maybe Luan has a good reason for throwing her vote away.
I've got several.
First, the line in his booth was the shortest.
I like his tie.
It's red.
And his shirt is white.
And his jacket is blue.
And that stands for America.
Copy that, Sam!
So I see you finally got Luan involved in politics.
That's good.
Ass.
Comey, go home.
Okay.
I just think if you don't read the newspaper and the only TV you watch is the MTV, you shouldn't be allowed to vote.
Stop fighting the last war, Hank.
Women got the vote and there's nothing we can do about it.
Unless... Unless what?
I don't know.
You're a smart guy.
You'll figure something out.
I'll get it.
Good evening, mate.
May I trouble you for a word?
Oh, Lord.
The manger babies.
I'll get rid of them.
Cheerio!
I just wanted to tell you you should vote for Robert Parigi of the Communist Party, USA for president.
What what?
You don't know the first thing about communism.
What's to know?
Robert Parigi's got the cutest little ears and prettiest eyebrows.
So can I tell Robert he can count on your vote?
No, you cannot.
I hate communists.
All they do is boss people around.
Sounds like you, Uncle Hank.
Luan, please go home before I tell you you're acting like an idiot and make you cry.
Eeya!
You communist!
Eeya!
No, I'm not!
Welcome to the party, mate!
Get that penguin back here, I'm not done!
Eeya!
Power to the people, comrade!
Why, I say, you look good in red, comrade Hill, what what?
Alright, I gave you fair warning.
Luan, you're acting like an idiot.
Oh, no!
Look at Hank!
Hank, I'm making cookies to serve on election day.
Which do you think tastes better?
The chips Ahoy heated up or the E.L.
Fudge heated up?
I don't know.
Oh, well, where's Luanne?
Well, I told her she was being an idiot and she ran off crying.
Oh, Hank again?
Well, she called me a communist in my own home.
Ah, she doesn't know what the heck she's talking about.
All right, Hank.
Luanne is Cinderella, and she fell for the wrong prince.
You have to be her fairy godmother and introduce her to George W. Bush.
Take her to the Bush rally, or as I like to call it, the ball, and let George W. put his issues, or as I like to call them, the glass slippers on her feet.
I can't bring a communist to see the next president of the United States.
Hank, if Luan is still a communist after hearing the greatest orator of our day, then she really is a communist and then we really have a problem.
He's even more handsome than his dad.
Well, Barbara's a handsome woman.
But you know, it's his ideas that you'll find the most attractive.
I don't know.
He's really handsome.
Now, I don't want any of y'all to think Dick Cheney and I have this thing at the back.
So don't forget to vote on November 7th.
I really like his smile and his tie, which is red.
I like my ties.
Luanne, stop looking at him.
Close your eyes and listen to the issues.
Wait till you hear him call for lower taxes and a stronger national defense.
I just gave away the end of his speech.
And a strong national defense.
God bless you and God bless the United States of America.
You know, you're right, Uncle Hank.
He's gonna cut my taxes and let me pray in junior college.
I think I will vote for him.
There you go.
Pig boy.
Pig heart transplant boy or pig saving boy?
I can't remember.
Eh, I'll wing it.
Hey, there's Hivela County's newest hero.
I was just in the right place at the right time.
Like any hero.
Yeah, and I'm the boy's dad.
I need your vote, partner.
Well, you got it, Governor Bush.
What's wrong, Hank?
Oh, my God.
His handshake.
It's limp.
Did Busch's hand feel like a flounder or something softer like a jellyfish?
I don't want to talk about it.
Was it mushy and wet like a handful of egg salad?
It was soft and damp.
Let's just leave it at that.
Was that a wriggler?
Stop it.
All of you stop it.
Stop it right now.
This is dead serious.
I don't know what to do.
I thought I knew the man, but the man I knew had a strong, firm grip.
I thought you only cared about the issues, Hank.
Well, yeah, but a man's handshake is an issue.
It's a...
Well, it's the character issue.
No!
Characters about having principles and not sleeping with the help and such, but a wimpy handshake.
Now that's just trivial, Hank, trivial.
It's not trivial.
This man could be the next leader of the free world.
We're gonna have nutjob third world dictators walking all over us when they find out our president doesn't have a strong enough finger to push the button.
That makes a lot of sense.
A lot of non-sense.
Why don't we choose a president by lottery like they choose the Pope?
Don't be ridiculous.
That's how Luan would pick a president.
No dumber to the handshake.
Yep, you and Luan, two peas in a pod.
All voters are the same.
Simple-minded fools who think their vote makes a difference.
The system's broke, Hank.
The election baby is peed in the bathwater.
You gotta throw them both out.
It was a horrible, horrible, horrible handshake.
but I don't know.
Come on, Hank, spend tomorrow not voting with me.
Every election day I go Christmas shopping.
All the suckers are at the polls.
The outlet malls are empty.
Parking lots are full, which I never understood.
I got a theory, but it involves the largest mirror in Texas.
No, no, I've got to vote.
So you're voting for the other fella?
I don't know.
All I know is if I don't vote, I won't get called for jury duty anymore.
Hi, honey, if you have to go into the garage, please walk on the stripes.
The stars will not be dry until morning.
Look, look, right there.
See that guy's reaction when Bush shakes his hand?
Surprise, then disappointment.
Sure, but when I want to watch scent of a woman, you don't even know how to work the DCR.
See?
See the guy's smiling, happy on top of the world, then Bush shakes, there goes the man's face.
See?
Surprise, then disappointment.
See that?
Surprise, then disappointment.
Surprise, then disappointment.
Surprise, then disappointment.
Hank, honey, thanks for making your side of the bed this morning.
It saved me lots of time.
Hank.
Hank.
You know, with voter turnout at all-time lows, not voting makes me more American.
The only thing more American than not voting is Egyptian cotton linen irregulars at 40% off.
First stop, wham-sut-a-sheets.
Mrs. Thetter, what time do you have?
A little before seven.
I have seven.
It's still a little before seven.
On three, two, one, now!
Now!
Hi, Peggy.
First to boat, last to leave.
And the pockets are big enough for an umbrella!
Shasha!
Joseph will love it.
Oh, I look like a jackass.
Look at that.
Well, I'm ready to vote.
Where's Uncle Hank?
I wanted us to vote at the same time.
He and Dale went down that outlet mall, you know, the one next door in Mexico.
Well, he'll be back before the polls close, won't he?
No, no, no, no.
Well, that's OK.
Hank says he's not voting.
Smell this, Hank.
Does it smell like boom-hauer?
Yeah, it smells like boom-hauer.
He's gonna love it.
Uh-oh, this could be a propane emergency.
Nah, just Luan, or one of her manger babies.
So where to, Dale?
Well, Nancy's been wanting an Onyx chessboard, and I know just the place.
I think Uncle Hank is dead.
He didn't return my paint.
Well, I am sure he's not dead, Luan.
That number is for propane emergencies only.
Whoa, Dale, this bridge goes into Mexico.
Whoops, did I make a wrong turn?
All right, let me try to spin around.
Nope.
Not yet.
Now?
Nope.
Oh, well, we're in Mexico.
What are you gonna do?
Dang it, Dale.
Turn around up here.
No.
There is to be no deviation from the plan.
What plan?
Oh, I'm sorry.
We're gonna spend the rest of the day in Mexico.
See how the election turns out.
If there's any problem, civil unrest, military coup, we will remain in Mexico under assumed identities.
You are Fritz Kruger, wealthy Ecuadorian rancher, and I
and Central American singing sensation, La Motile.
You know I'm not Ecuadorian, so why would I need Ecuadorian papers?
You're already not voting.
You might as well give up your citizenship.
Believe me, Hank.
If things go sour up north, you'll be happier a non-naturalized resident alien in Mexico.
Ah, it's Rudy at Goober Smooches.
Now, believe me, this is serious.
He doesn't just call to chat.
We have nothing in common.
It's not a propane emergency.
It's a why aren't you voting emergency?
Why aren't you voting?
Because my candidate's handshake had no character.
What takes characters to vote anyways, even if it's Rainy, or your face is slouchy, or your uncle made you cry, or your candidate's a dud?
It doesn't take any character to give up.
What do you know?
You've never even voted.
Well, maybe I won't vote after all, since apparently it's not that important.
I think I'll go shopping, just like you did, Uncle Hank.
Because I don't need to vote, but I can always use a good pair of pants.
Luan, I want you to meet me at our polling place.
And I'll give you the pants I just bought you for Christmas.
Dale, can I see your keys for a second?
Why?
Uh, it was supposed to be a surprise, but, uh, I bought you a leather keychain at the coach outlet, and I wanted to make sure it fits.
Oh, when did you do that?
When I was trying on underwear.
Wait a minute.
You know I don't like keychains.
Why did you get me?
A money clip?
Uh, keep guessing.
Kenneth's cold shoes, a new spaghetti pot, a leather backpack, something with leather.
Come on, come on.
Sir, do you know how fast you were going?
Yeah, yeah, 86 miles per hour.
Now, would you mind writing this up fast?
I've got to get home before the polls close.
I've got to vote.
You haven't voted?
A nambay, I fuck it.
Got a snapler?
Total gym.
You made it!
How much time do we have?
One minute.
I have two minutes.
One minute.
So, who'd you vote for, Hank?
If he tells you, it won't come true.
Hello, I'm Hank Hill from TV's King of the Hill.
And I'm Bobby Hill from TV's King of the Hill.
Welcome to what used to be my garage.
That's where I usually park my bike.
We're here to remind you to register to vote.
So go ahead, fill out your registration card, and you'll be eligible to win these valuable prizes.
Freedom, Civic Pride, and a brand new president.
Was that a regular?
D-l-l-l-ly.
