Looking sharp, mom.
Hey, are you subbing today?
Bobby, you know I am.
You left me that message that they want me to sub for Italian.
Uh, new.
I wanted an Italian sub for lunch.
Well, I'm all dressed up.
I guess I could just shelve books at the library till they throw me out.
Dang it.
Says here, because of high produce prices, schools are ganking vegetables from their menu.
Man, first they get rid of the organic garden and now this.
What is it with this school and vegetables?
Organic garden?
What organic garden?
The coaches try to keep it under wraps.
You see, the kids who want to get out of gym class can work in the garden instead.
I just wish I'd found out about it sooner.
Then I wouldn't have to take the presidential fitness test.
You'd rather work in an organic garden than participate in the Presidential Fitness Test?
Where's your patriotism, boy?
I hate doing the flexed arm hang in front of everyone.
They call me T-Rex because my arms can't support my weight.
Bobby, the flexed arm hang... I know, I know.
Could mean the difference between life and death.
Doesn't matter anyway.
Mr. Tomage is retiring and the garden is closing.
End of story.
So, as you can see and smell, I am a very gifted gardener.
Sorry, Peggy, but we're not looking to replace Mr. Tomage.
See, nobody really needs an organic garden.
The football team on the other hand can use more storage space for their tackling sleds and old broken helmets.
Nice punt!
I'll tell you, this team's got something.
Not like last year.
Runs almost got me fired.
What if the garden was working for the football team?
Football, I'm listening.
My husband read in the paper this morning about the veggie shortage.
This team needs their vitamins.
How do you expect them to make it to state without iceberg on their hamburgers?
If you put me in charge, I will provide the team with the freshest vegetables in Heimlich County.
Tell you what, Peggy, I'll give you a shot.
You do okay, we'll talk permanent.
And make sure you grow kale.
That new quarterback we got loves kale.
Hey, Dad, wanna see me?
No.
But you don't know what I... No.
Say hello to Tom Landry Middle School's newest organic gardening teacher.
You saved the garden?
Way to go, Mom!
Mm-hmm.
And now it will be supplying fresh vegetables to the football team.
Organic garden?
That's what hippies eat.
When was the last time you saw a hippie that could take on an offensive tackle?
Oh, who cares?
Hank, organic gardening is terribly inefficient.
It's a full-time job.
It could be my full-time job.
Good morning, class.
I am your new gardening teacher, Mrs. Hill.
So this is all of you?
Uh-huh.
Okay.
Oh, this looks ripe.
Let's get to work.
Work?
Mom, you're embarrassing me.
Mr. Thomas did everything himself.
Sometimes we pick stuff, mostly we just sat around and whatever.
Well, there will be no whatevering in Mrs. Hill's garden.
Oh.
Oh.
So that's why people eat fruit Look at those jumping jacks.
This is the year I tell you what hey mom Why are we bringing all this up to the field?
So the cafeteria cooks can't steal our glory
Coming through.
Make room for tomato so juicy you'll want to eat them with a lifeguard.
Organic goodness.
Straight from Mother Nature's womb.
Hey, look over there.
Who's got a stopwatch?
Let's check out the hang time on that punter.
Hey, Hank.
That's some fine-looking produce your boys got there.
Yeah, maybe it'll give them enough juice to get off their butts and hustle!
I guess the stuff does look pretty good.
Looks a lot better than that goddamn special teams!
Can't get a punt to save their lives!
Good work, kid.
You know, I gotta admit, Peggy, this stuff looks a good.
I might have to become a vegetarian.
Not really.
Look sharp, Bobby.
It's the coach.
That's a heck of a good-looking berry.
Keep up the good work, son.
Hey, we're moving, ladies!
Keep up the good work, son.
Yep, that's what the coach said to Bobby.
And then when Bobby set out those organic onions, it was like he caught a 32-yard pass.
What exactly are you trying to do, Hank?
Turn our school into some sort of Bohemian Montessori love fest?
No, it's not like that.
It's not like the organic gardening they did at Jonestown.
It's more like farming.
And you should have seen the size of the crops.
I tell you, for a bunch of gym dodgers, these kids did a pretty decent job.
Well, I guess I'm gonna head on in and watch some of the Home and Garden Network.
It's compost week.
Bobby and I are thinking of making a batch for the team.
Dang it!
Now I've got compost fever.
Me too!
Maybe we could pitch in.
Great idea!
Now we need to find some leftover food, lawn clippings, dead leaves and coffee grounds that have been left to rot for a long, long time.
Just for the record, there is a garbage can in there somewhere.
You know what would make this baby sing?
Bat guano.
Nature's miracle grow.
Where do you buy bat guano?
Sears?
Yes.
But it lacks the potency of straight out of the bat feces.
Nope, we have to go right to the source.
Mono-a-guano.
Gold bar summer squash.
Hmm.
Ugh!
Mom, come here!
Look at all these bugs.
Mrs. Hill, Spencer told me to tell you there's some weird fungus on the turnips, and I saw some snails near the lettuce.
I already stepped on one.
It was pretty cool.
Oh, God.
We have to feed these to the football team today.
Why did I promise them a field of greens?
Die!
Die!
Die!
Hey, everybody.
The Cavalry's here.
Bobby, show the coach what kind of ammo you've got for our troops today.
Oh, you know, that's more of the same.
What the hell happened to this carrot, son?
I wouldn't feed it to sixth grade JV!
This is terrible.
Got anything else for the team to eat?
An old hubcap?
A watered-up newspaper?
Peg, I gotta tell you, my job'd be a lot easier if you weren't feeding worms to the football team.
I gotta call this garden thing off.
No, you can't do that.
Oh, man.
I was practically on the football team.
Now, hold on, Carl.
Can I remind you of the time the school board wanted to fire a certain principal for growing a ponytail?
Well, Hank has a long time ago.
And a lot of us said, yeah, he looks like a jackass, but he deserves another chance.
And that's all we're asking for.
You got two weeks.
Hey, coach, I don't feel so... One week.
Don't worry, Peggy.
We'll turn that garden around.
I have never seen a problem teamwork couldn't fix.
Aphids, worms... Why does every book about organic gardens have naked people in it?
This one has three chapters on Nixon and nothing about bugs.
So when they say Mother Earth, they mean dirt, right?
I'm not sure, but wait, listen to this.
Snails are attracted to the smell of beer.
They will follow the scent, fall into the beer and drown.
Just like Judy Garland.
Okay, here we are.
What a great looking group of kids this is.
This isn't all of them, is it?
Uh, so how many of you have ever tried out for a team?
And how many of you have ever been picked for a team?
Uh, okay then.
Well, I'm forming a team.
The garden team.
And you're all my first round draft picks.
Alright!
I'm playing for my dad!
With your permission, I'd like to lead us in a cheer.
Gimme a... Permission denied.
Now, if we're gonna be a team, we gotta play together and give it all we got.
So let's get in there and show these bugs we mean business.
Last call for beer, you little garden munchers.
You don't have to go home, but you cannot stay here.
Now, supposedly these milk cartons will help protect the base of the plants from crawling bugs, which are all beautiful in their own way.
Queen Amidala, I will save you from the dark side.
If there were more than one garden team, we'd be in last place.
Quit screwing around, guys!
Now forget about Queen Amidala and the dark side.
Who's saving these cucumbers from aphids?
Boy, it's true what they say about the Denton flea market.
You really can get anything there.
Joe, how much guano have you collected so far?
None, but I've been feeding it bugs and prunes and massaging its colon for the past two days so the flood gates are about to open.
Build an arc, boys.
We're gonna need more bats.
Andrew, how many times do I have to tell you the weed puller is for pulling weeds?
Oh, good job.
Dang it, Rain.
I don't think your extract of hippie is going to help our garden.
Actually, these are ashes from our wood stove at home.
They discourage slugs and cutworms.
Rain, you have just earned yourself a high five.
Come on, don't leave me hanging.
Peggy, I had my doubts about this whole organic thing, too, but if the old gardening teacher pulled it off, then so can we.
Look at these kids.
They're actually working as a team.
Slow down, Tommy.
Save some water for the plants.
Mr. Tommage, I do not know how you did it.
I tried every organic trick in the book.
Soapy water, pepper spray, tobacco, cotton balls, pecan shells, ladybugs, and I got Jack.
How about methyl isothiocyanate?
That wasn't in my organic gardening book.
What is it?
Very powerful pesticide.
Just be sure not to get any on your hands.
But the whole point is to teach kids about organic gardening.
That's why you don't tell anybody.
Oh my god, you grew a garden of lids.
Yes, and tomatoes the size of your cranium.
Look, if you want to keep your garden and your job, you gotta use pesticides.
What do you think is keeping termites from eating this deck?
Love?
Dad, look at the size of this one.
If Gallagher smashed it, it would reach all the way to the back of the room.
You see, Peggy?
You didn't have faith, but look at this place.
Is there anything beer can't do?
Mmm, huh, you're right.
I know this stuff is for the football team, but it just looks so good I'm gonna have to try a sample.
Hey, no, no!
It's for the football team!
And don't touch your eyes!
According to the nice lady at the Flying Mammal Society, this bridge is home to more than 30,000 bats.
Even if half of them are constipated, it's still a gold mine.
Oh, man, it got all down P-R-O-U, man.
Get it!
Oh, God, it's awful!
Floor is slippery.
That's a good sign.
Boom-Hour, get ready.
I think I hear something.
Yes!
Picking up.
Uh-oh.
Oh God, we've awakened a sleeping pooping giant!
Listen up, team.
I just wanted to tell you all how proud I am.
You've overcome the elements, the bugs, and God knows your own limitations.
I got heat stroke.
Look at this.
I thought it was a tumor, but Mom said it was a callus.
And since you guys are working like a team, I figured it's about time you look like one.
Yep, team jerseys.
Bobby, you keep up the good work and I might have to sew a C on that jersey for captain.
All right, team.
Early bird kills the worm.
Peggy?
Peggy, what are you doing?
Well, I was just vacuuming.
That's a skull and crossbones sticker.
It says warning poison.
All right.
I've been spraying pesticides.
But Peggy, this is an organic garden.
Using chemicals is the only thing you're not allowed to do.
Oh, come on, Hank.
How else do you think it was able to grow so well?
You mean it wasn't us?
Maybe the team?
And I already thanked God for a bountiful harvest.
He must think I'm an idiot.
Well, I had no choice.
You can't get anything good without chemicals.
Chemicals are what keep my hair so high and brown.
Hank!
Hank!
Screw helping the football team.
If they want guano, they can crawl through hell getting it like we did.
I had to burn my favorite Levi's in a hat that was perfectly molded to my head.
Step right up, man.
Get a little guano just like them things on Egyptians, man.
Gonna change your life, man.
Just guaranteed to be fresh, too, man.
You, sir, why are you afraid to take the guano challenge?
Are you afraid it might rock your world?
Coward!
So Principal Moss pulled the plug on the garden.
The football team is moving their blocking sleds over there next week.
Good.
I'm on a goddamn mailing list for an organic food store now.
To think I shopped at a place called Passages.
I guess the garden team has one more game left, huh, Dad?
Harvesting the last crop.
There never was any garden team.
This was just your mother, the cheater, spraying her cheater juice all over the place.
No, it wasn't.
We worked hard on that garden.
Who knows what we really did.
It's like we all got caught using steroids.
The only honorable thing left to do is forfeit and get off the field.
What are you doing, Bobby?
The garden team's dead.
We should just set fire to the whole thing and watch it burn.
We planted this garden and we worked hard to make it grow.
Now there's one more harvest left and the snails are gonna have to go through me to get it.
Blue, 32.
Hike!
He's open!
He's open!
He... God dang it!
Oh, look who it is.
Hippie Hill.
Hey, Granola, what's your boy doing in the garden over there?
Dang it, Bobby.
All right, I'll go make sure they're gone before the football team brings over their blocking sleds.
Keep it up, team!
It's a fifth quarter and time's running out.
I know you're tired and sore, but if we don't bring these vegetables in, no one will!
So keep picking till you can't pick any more and then pick one more!
Try playing this!
It's raining pain!
They're coming.
They always come.
Eat this!
Something's in your way!
Run it over!
Get out of the way, garden darts!
Why, Dad?
Why?
I don't think so.
These kids have worked hard, and this is what's gonna happen.
They're gonna harvest their vegetables, you guys are gonna eat them, and then you're gonna say thank you.
Move them, Hank.
These cupcakes don't belong on the football field.
You guys know I can play running back, but I can block too.
As I recall, Rick, you were a tennis player, right?
Alright, come on!
Let's get back to practice!
We have been working on this garden for a week, and I've tried to resist, but... Dad, give me a wheelbarrow ride!
Okay, quick.
Get in.
Can I help?
I've gone straight, I swear.
I'm done with chemicals.
I didn't even use any shampoo, or soap, or deodorant this morning.
Smell me!
You can help step on beetles, but I gotta warn you, the ones that survive the poisons are really tough.
Come on, let's go!
Faster!
Faster!
Come on!
Is there anything beer can't do?
