Hmm?
No, no, no!
These are my personal private undergarments.
Now the whole neighborhood knows I wear them.
Well, I am sorry, Hank.
The dryer broke.
Again.
It's actually moistening our clothes now.
Okay, okay.
We'll buy a new dryer.
Just help me get the rest of these down.
Let's buy this one.
It's like watching TV, only the show is about wet clothes.
Hi, you folks have any questions?
Why, yes I do.
Could you tell me the difference between an electric dryer and a propane dryer?
Sure.
A propane dryer costs a little more... Uh, only at first.
When you factor in the lifetime cost of ownership, propane comes out on top.
Let me run through the numbers.
A family of four does three and a half loads a week.
Hey.
Hey.
Hello, Batley!
Hey.
When did you get promoted to Greeter?
Yes, sir.
Hey, day.
And if the current trend in electric rates continues, you'll be glad you did.
Here's my card in case you have any other questions.
Can we just take the spin mark, please?
Would you be interested in applying for a Megalo card?
No, thanks.
The last thing I need is another credit card.
I've already got one.
Hold on, no money down, no interest for six months, and 10% off our first purchase.
10% off?
Well, Chuck Mangione supports it, and his diet shakes did okay by me.
Hi, Lou Ann.
Hi, Bobby.
Hi, Buckley.
He's on break.
Where's Uncle Hank and Aunt Peggy?
Oh, I thought I'd give him some time alone so they could
You know.
What?
You know, buy me a birthday present.
I mean, that's why we're here, isn't it?
I don't think so.
Your birthday's not till next month.
Think about it, Luan.
Why would you bring a child to a department store to buy a dryer when his birthday is three and a half weeks away?
It just doesn't make sense.
They're watching me, trying to get into my head and see what I really want in a present.
No, I'm pretty sure we're just buying a dryer.
Okay, Luan.
When mom and dad get done buying the dryer, tell them I'm over by the dirt bikes.
Holding the Toblerone.
Hey.
Okay, Mr. Hill, your credit has been rejected.
Huh?
But why?
Well, the computer doesn't say I'm sorry.
Next.
Hold on a minute.
You made a mistake.
I have perfect credit.
I think I recognize a frowny face when I see one.
Hank, why don't we just pay with a check?
Uh, sorry, we can't take checks from people with bad credit.
I'm having the time of my life and it's on sale!
Thanks for trying, Melinda, but I'm pretty sure you can't just look up my credit unless I send some kind of permission letter to my credit bureau.
Nah, it's a piece of cake.
All you need is a $10 processing fee.
Nah, I'll just deduct that from your paycheck.
Mr. Strickland, I was just, uh... Hank Scott, bad credit.
Well, there's the right hair in your tuna.
Seems like you're in the whole $40 to Ireland video.
What?
It says I owe $40, and that can't be true.
I always bring back my tapes.
Look for yourself.
I've returned the Great Santini 23 times.
Okay.
Hank Hill, June 23rd.
Yeah, you rented and never returned Cuffs and Collars.
I've never even heard of that.
Have you?
Uh-uh.
Unless it's got the name Merchant, Ivory, or Billy Crystal above the title, I am not interested.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
They're buying me a movie for my birthday.
That's why we're here, right?
Really, Bobby?
They haven't said anything.
Bobby, you ever heard of a movie called Cuffs and Colors?
Ooh, I think that's the one with the two cops.
You don't get along, but then they do.
But it's too late, because he's dead.
But not really.
So you've seen it?
No.
How about you, Luanne?
Mm-hmm.
Oh no, you're not getting a movie, Bobby.
You are so smooth.
Nope, we didn't rent it.
So if you could please erase the $40 and penalize yourself whatever you think is fair will be on our way.
I am sorry, but the computer won't let me erase anything until you either return the tape or pay the $40.
I told you I didn't rent the tape.
Now, who's calling me a liar?
You or the machine?
Because I want to know whose ass to kick.
I'm not calling you a liar, sir.
Fine.
Now, where's the ass on this thing?
I need a dryer, Hank.
Just pay for the tape.
Absolutely not.
I won't pay for someone else's screw-up.
Hell, I wouldn't be surprised if that tape was sitting on the shelf right now.
Where would cuffs and collars be?
Action adventure?
Action comedy?
Action, action?
Make a lift.
Okay.
Oh!
How could they think I'd rent a stag film, Peggy?
I'm married.
I think we should just pay.
No, I've got to prove my innocence.
Now, wasn't June 23rd the day I went to my dad's and installed grab bars in his shower?
Nope.
June 23rd, I played Boglet Nantes and left you home.
Alone.
Peggy, you don't think I actually rented- Oh, Hank.
I don't care if you did or you didn't.
Well, you should care because I didn't.
Oh, really, Hank?
It doesn't matter.
It does matter.
It's important you believe me when I say I didn't rent the tape.
Honey, okay, I believe you.
Now, I just have one question.
Did you rent the tape?
No!
All right then.
But whether you did or you didn't, I still think we should just play.
The last thing I want is for people to be talking about this, especially in front of Bobby.
It's even better than I thought.
Mom and Dad are throwing me a surprise party.
So, Nancy tells me she ran into John Redcorn at the video store.
The two of them heard you complain about some porno tape you lost.
Yeah, man, talking about that dang old cussin' collars, man.
Like when they come over to clean that pool, man, they start going...
Quit it.
I didn't rent that movie.
I'm glad.
I'm glad I'm not the only one who is disgusted by pornography.
It's offensive.
It's demeaning.
It creates a standard of idealized beauty that your average man can't compete with.
Don't worry, Bill.
I'm not gonna let my credit and good name be done in by a damn computer error.
Computers don't make errors.
What they do, they do on purpose.
By now, your name and particulars have been fed into every laptop, desktop, mainframe, and supermarket scanner that collectively make up the global information conspiracy otherwise known as The Beast.
Dale, I'm having a problem with one videotape.
Not some kind of high-tech boogeyman.
You just be careful.
Computers have already beaten the communists at chess.
Next thing you know, they'll be beating humans.
Strickland propane tastes the meat, not the heat.
Hello, Hank?
Speaking.
How you doing?
It's Matt.
Oh, hey, Matt.
How you been?
Pretty good.
Pretty good.
uh-huh so uh how's um Peggy uh she's fine and how's uh do i know you Hank if you like cuffs and collars you're gonna love rugburn too and by rugburn too i mean rugburn also rugburn too isn't very good what but
Who is this?
You know, Matt!
From consenting adults, the country's largest supplier of mail order adult entertainment.
So how many can I put you down for?
Zero, God!
Please, watch your mouth!
This is an interstate phone line.
How did you get this number?
Not important.
What is important is that we have a bigger selection and lower prices than Arlen Video.
What?
Arlen Video told you I rent pornography?
Uh...
Who plays the most hits?
Y-104.
Yeah, okay.
That crazy morning zoo.
Shame on you, Hank Hill!
What you do in the privacy of your own home is disgusting enough, but to let it spill out into our streets where my future children will someday play?
Well, that is going too far.
Shame!
Shame!
I would like a luxury of vomiting on myself right now, but I don't have any clean clothes to change into.
Would you just pay the bill so I can get a new dryer?
It's too late.
The beast's already got him in its jaws.
Your only way out is to start life over with a new identity.
If you want, I can get you the birth certificate of a child who died in 1953.
hardly been used no I am not a quitter who's not a quitter my dead friend Hank Hill or my new friend Rusty Shackleford look just help me get this smut back to the post office Bobby do not get off the bus look at all those cards and gifts this is gonna be the best birthday ever
Next!
Uh, yes.
These magazines and, uh, equipments were delivered to my home.
I want you to return to sender and take my name off these mailing lists.
No, post office can't take off a mailing list.
You need to call the company you bought your pornography from.
I don't buy pornography.
I don't want this.
Take it back.
If you want to follow complaint, fill out this form.
We'll enter it in the computer.
No, no forms, no computers.
We were never here.
Don't feed the beast.
Mr. Hank Hill, you threw out your mail, son.
Don't you want to prolong your love making pleasure for just pennies at night, Mr. Hank?
Give me that.
Don't you people understand?
If I don't fight, someday it could be your name on these plugs.
I'm doing this for all of you.
Did you know this guy?
No dadgum way man, this is some dirty old man hanging around sex toys back in my place if you're interested.
Boom Howard, no!
I can do without Bill by my side, he brings nothing to this fight, but you?
You should have seen this coming Hank, one by one your friends will desert you.
I'll be next.
Now, Dale, this stuff about the beast.
You made all that up, right?
Of course you did.
Oh, no.
Everything has been foretold in the book of revelations.
Uh, you just stepped in a diaper.
Dammit, it's the vice squad.
They must have followed us.
Quick, Dale, bury the... Dale?
Oh, sir, this is municipal dump.
All garbage must... Wait a minute.
This superglide is oil-based.
That's a petroleum byproduct.
You can't throw that out here.
Same with the batteries in your vibrator.
This is not my... And it's not a... It's a wand massager.
It says so right on the box.
All right.
Give me your license.
I'm gonna run you through the computer.
I don't have my license on me at the moment, but I can tell you that I was born in 1953.
As a child, I was quite ill.
Surprise!
What?
I had no idea.
When did you plan this?
How was that, Luan?
Let's try it again.
I'm playing with the queen of hearts.
You know she isn't very smart.
What the hell?
Peggy, thank God you're here.
Hello, I'm Hank Hill and I'd like you to sign my petition.
Hank Hill, I want you to get in the car right now before the whole town sees you.
No, I am not a quitter and I don't rent pornography.
I'm begging you, Hank.
Pay the $40.
We will buy a new dryer and you can finally change your underwear.
Honey, it's the right thing to do.
Not until I prove my innocence once and for all.
That's why I'm taking Arlen video to small claims court, Peggy.
I'm putting the whole system on trial.
Oh, you have not heard a word I've said.
What do I have to do to get through to you?
Do I have to take off my shirt and dance like the women in your movies?
I don't rent those movies.
I think if you want to keep up your silly little battle, then you go it alone.
I am sorry.
Huh?
Huh?
Hmm?
Oh, man.
His trial is tomorrow and he's going in there with nothing but six honks and one signature.
And that's on his leg.
Darn tigers.
That's sad, really.
All he wanted was for his clothes to be dry.
Yep.
Yep.
Oh, yeah!
GAH!
HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA!
Mom, look what dad got me.
There's cuffs and collars and a whole bunch of other cop movies.
Jail bait, hung jury.
How dare you try to expose my son to these police tapes that are so degrading to law enforcement officials.
You never saw these.
Gotcha.
It's a surprise.
Don't worry, I didn't read the card.
I believe you, Hank.
The answer is in the tapes.
A friend.
Hmm.
I need these back when you're done.
A friend.
Okay.
Hey, did somebody call a plumber?
Come on in.
I'll show you where the leak is.
Oh!
Not... No, not... Oh!
Oh, God!
You want me to frisk you?
What kind of cop are you?
A bad one.
Bobby, for the love of God, get out of the house!
Okay.
My mom told us to stay away for three hours.
My birthday party must be today!
Then I guess this haircut is fake.
I'm still supposed to charge you for the shampoo.
Here, let me hold that.
Thanks, Officer.
Say, are you a mounted police?
Not yet.
But a girl can dream.
Wait a minute.
That's it!
That's it!
Yeah, that's it!
You are hereby ordered to pay damages in the amount of $1.50 and return the plane to sunglasses.
Next case.
Hank Hill versus Arlen Video.
Mr. Hill, you allege that you have been the target of systematic harassment at the hands of a major international computer conspiracy known as the Beast.
That is correct, Your Honor.
Mr. Hill, why don't you just pay the $40?
Because I did not rent the tape, and I can prove it.
It's pretty quiet, and there are no cars.
I wonder where the magician parked.
Surprise!
They must be in my bedroom.
Surprise!
Cuffs and collars.
The tape I never rented.
68 minutes into the film, actress Dee Dee Cup bends over to shoe her horse.
Now if you pause the tape and look closely, you can just make out a tattoo on Dee Dee's left buttock that reads, I heart Charlie Sheen.
Mrs. Cut also makes an uncredited cameo in Jailbait, a tape which marks veteran porn star Fernanda Valley's return to the adult film industry on the occasion of her 18th birthday.
Now, at the 70-minute mark, Dee Dee bends over to shoe a donkey.
What do we see on her left buttock?
Nothing.
There is no tattoo.
This can only mean that jail bait was made before cuffs and collars.
Now, why is this important?
Because Fernanda Valley turned 18 on July 5th, two weeks after I supposedly rented cuffs and collars.
Is it possible that I walked into Arlen Video on June 23rd and rented a movie that didn't even exist?
I think not!
I ruled in favor of the plaintiff.
Arlen Video was hereby ordered to remove the debt from its computer.
And let the record show that Mr. Hank Hill really knows his pornography.
Thank you, Your Honor.
Oh, you did, Hank.
You won.
Oh, we can finally put this nutmare behind us.
Oh, no.
This isn't over yet.
Approved.
The dryer's yours.
I can't believe they forgot my birthday.
Oh, don't worry.
They still got a whole month to remember.
You got me, Lou Ann.
You knew the whole time, didn't you?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I don't believe it.
A dryer!
It's perfect!
Yep.
This is the best birthday ever!
That's it for now.
