Take your time, Bobby.
You're not just wallet shopping.
You're learning a valuable lesson in money management.
Savor it.
This one.
That'll be $135.
Dad, pay the man.
Now, why would you pick that overpriced thing when there's a sturdy, reasonably priced $15 one right in front of you?
Well, this one's pretty snazzy, and it looks like you can hold a ton of money.
Bobby.
That way, if I wanted to impress someone, I could pull out a really big water cache.
Bam!
Dad, give me a big water cache.
What are you trying to do, Bobby?
Get us mugged?
Hmm.
Why would you go waving your money around in public?
Because it's cool, and I think it makes people like you.
How much money do you make a year anyway?
Bobby, where did you pick up that kind of talk?
I thought you wanted to talk about money.
I did, quietly and without mentioning any dollar figures.
Bobby, only jackasses go around saying how much money they make.
What are you talking about?
Julia Roberts makes 20 million a picture.
Are you calling America sweetheart a jackass?
It's just vulgar, Bobby.
The amount of money a man makes is between him and the professionals down at the H&R block.
Who were we talking to in Dallas for 37 minutes?
Oh, I remember.
Where did I go wrong, Piggy?
How did I raise a son who goes around with that filthy money mouth of his?
He actually had the audacity to ask me how much I make a year.
I do not know where he would get an attitude like that.
It certainly was not from us.
We raised him to be uncomfortable about anything that personal.
Dad, Lady Bird's scooting again.
Oh, uh, hey, son.
You guys were talking about money, weren't you?
No.
Yes you were!
You were paying bills!
No we weren't!
We were making out!
Peggy!
Then what's this?
42, eh?
Bobby!
Let me help!
Why, so you can blab to the whole neighborhood how much your mother's haircuts cost?
I'm not a little kid!
Now where were we?
Oh no, it was the phone bill.
Yep.
Yep.
My boy asked me how much money I make.
The nerve!
The less kids know about money, the less likely they are to rat you out under the pressure of a federal investigation.
I tell you what, it's tough enough to teach a kid to judge people on their character without TV and the MTV fillin' their heads with nonsense.
TV is an open sewer!
Yeah man, I tell you what man, I'm dang old MTV Cribs man, I don't mind don't draw a rule on there man, it got that dang old whole fridge red filled crystal champagne man.
Well, I better head in for dinner.
Bobby's probably badgering Peggy about how much her wedding ring cost.
South.
How much you think Old Hank is pulling down?
Well, I'll tell you what, man.
I'm down with a new truck last year, and they won't gonna come cheat me.
Gotcha!
Yep, got my check today.
So, how much was it for?
Not to be bobby about it.
A thousand dollars.
That's right, you're gonna have dinner with a man who made a thousand dollars today.
Well, that's a pretty generous bonus.
Yep, not quite as good as last year, but people just aren't grilling like they did last year.
Boy, last year was something else.
So the way I figure it, my dad makes $1,000 a day.
That's $365,000 a year.
Whoa.
Yeah.
Whoa.
But check it out.
He's been doing it for 20 years.
That's $7,300,000.
No way.
Yeah.
And he barely spends a dime.
So he's got all that money just sitting around.
What's he spending it on?
Our house?
That thing cost a million, maybe two million tops.
I don't know.
Are you sure about this?
There's gotta be something somewhere that proves we're rich.
Oil records?
Why's it locked?
Because it's about my dad's secret oil wells.
My dad's got oil.
Dude, you're rich.
You're really rich.
I am.
This is so cool.
Hey, what, Bobby?
What say we tally-ho it over to the money room?
Capital idea, dad.
Capital.
I don't know, Bobby.
We've lived next door to you guys for a long time.
You don't seem rich.
I mean, you guys don't have half the stuff we do, and everything you do have, we have a better version of.
Well, my dad's always going off about how cheap stuff is just as good as expensive stuff.
He spent half the dinner last night saying, anyone who says they can tell the difference between this and real Coca-Cola is lying, I tag you what.
Well, I guess it's possible.
Maybe your dad is one of those rich misers.
A what?
A lot of rich people are just crazy.
They hang on to every penny.
Howard Hughes would wear Kleenex boxes on his feet.
And he wrote a whole instruction manual on the exact way his staff should serve him a peach.
My dad wrote a 13 step system for putting away groceries.
Oh!
And there was this woman.
They called her the Witch of Wall Street.
She was so cheap that when her son got sick, she wouldn't even pay for a doctor, and they had to cut the kid's leg off.
Gross!
Boy, it seems like the richer people get, the cheaper they get.
And the cheaper they get, the crazier they get.
Bobby, time to wrap pennies.
Dang it, Peggy.
Who threw out this mayonnaise jar?
I use these to store extra screws.
Look at him, breaking his back to wash his truck.
Oh god, I don't want to lose my leg.
Can you imagine the cheap fake leg he's gonna buy me?
He'll probably just make it himself out of a broom handle and a shoehorn.
I don't think he's that crazy.
Yet, but I can't take any chances.
He just needs to loosen up.
Maybe if I can get him to spend a little money and see it's not the end of the world, he won't go crazy.
Hey, go ask him to buy us some horses.
We'll ride him to school.
We'll be legends.
No, I've got to find something he likes.
Ease him into prying open that wallet of his.
When he sees how much fun it is, there won't be anything standing between me and that sweet ching-a-ching-ching.
Hey, did you guys hear?
Bobby's rich.
Turns out Mr. Hill is some kind of crazy millionaire oil something.
Joseph, sure.
You know better than to spread silly gossip like that.
What did Reverend Stroop say?
It was something about Jesus and gossip and it rhymed.
Tell me more of Hank's fortune, Joseph.
Connie says he's some kind of like rich miser or something.
The millionaire next door.
I read that book, but I had no idea it was about Hank.
Hank, will you buy me a ratchet set?
No, Dale.
How about a nightclub?
I'll call it Hanks.
Just how soft are these soft begging strips?
Because Lady Bird's gums are very sensitive.
Hey, Dad, look at this.
Now you and your dog can ride a burrow into the Grand Canyon.
Huh, so they put the reins right in her teeth.
I know, can you believe it?
Ladybird gets to keep this sombrero.
Ladybird looks great in a hat.
Well, she sure does, but I don't know.
Don't think about it.
Just do it.
You deserve it.
God knows Ladybird deserves it.
There's a sing-along at the bottom.
Well, it does sound pretty great, but- It is great!
You'll have the time of your life!
And I'll get a pitball machine at the time of my life!
What?
And then I'll get a slurpee machine and a white tiger!
Oh, thank you, Dad!
This is gonna be so great!
Dang it, Bobby.
I'm not gonna start tossing money around like a drunken roughneck on payday just because you don't have any money sense.
Look at her.
She's crushed.
You happy now?
Bobby, sit down.
We need to talk.
Have you reconsidered the pinball machine?
Son, everything you buy cost money, which somebody has to earn.
Now, one way or another, I'm going to get you thinking right.
But I'm not the one thinking crazy.
Now, see, that's exactly why your mother and I have decided to make some changes with your allowance.
But that's how much I always got.
Hold on, I'm not done yet.
You rented that video game last Friday, so... Oh, and, uh, you returned it late.
Hey, quit it!
And you bought that teen people at the Get In Get Out.
I've itemized it all here on your invoice.
Two dollars?
But I wanted to go to the movies with Joseph today.
That sounds like fun and I'd be happy to drive you if you can earn the rest of the money you need.
Hey, you could collect cans five cents each.
It's like the streets are littered with nickels.
You gotta be kidding!
Nope.
Oh, you're gonna need a couple of heavy-duty garbage bags.
This ought to cover them.
Don't be surprised if Bobby comes around asking for those cans.
I taught him an important lesson today.
Go ahead there, Hank.
Take all the beer you want.
I am so thrilled my hard earned money can make you happy.
It was your turn to buy the beer, Bill.
That's how it works.
Yeah, I guess that's exactly how it works.
I'm not getting rich cutting people's hair, Hank.
Well, things are tough all over.
Oh, I bet they are.
Yep.
Yep.
Please, just give me a few thousand dollars, hey?
Please?
What?
Oh, just give him the money, Hank.
Yeah, man, you know, money's like the wind, man.
They don't want to feel it when it's moving, man.
My God, am I the only sane person around here?
Way to go, Bill.
You single-handedly derailed the gravy train.
I'm sorry, I just wanted his money is all.
Collect cans.
My dad had his chance at life.
I'm not gonna let him take mine away.
If this isn't an emergency, I don't know what is.
Oh, no way, Bobby.
You're not gonna take your dad's credit card, are you?
Relax.
Whatever we spend, it's just a drop in the bucket to him.
Besides, he won't even notice this one is gone.
Go, go, go, go!
Forty-three-twenty.
No problem.
Here you go.
Thank you, Mr. Hill.
Wow!
Wow!
Don't give up, Connie!
Try again!
I'm rich!
You hooked it!
Try again!
Great drive!
Oh, Johnny, I am having a wonderful time today.
Me too.
Some rumors about Hank are true.
Hey, I just remembered.
I should get back to the healing center.
Oh, but we were gonna buy you a bath in suit.
Next time, okay?
That's my girl.
Well, hey there, John Redcorn.
Hank.
Hank.
America is aging.
The baby boomers will soon become the senior boomers.
Yeah, sure, I guess so.
Good, good.
As an established leader in the healing community, I am in a unique position to capture this emerging market.
I think you know where I'm going with this.
For your investment of only a million dollars.
What?
I'm not asking for a handout.
This is an investment opportunity in the New Age Golden Years assisted living facility.
Sure, I'll give you your million.
Would you like it in rubies or fairy dust?
Someone's going to make a lot of money off this idea.
It could have been us.
Coming up next, find out what this man wants to show your children.
Alright Peggy, tell me what happens.
Oh my god, that is shocking.
Dang it.
Hello?
Yes, Mr. Hill.
This is a courtesy call from Southwest Mutual about your credit card.
I've already got a credit card.
No, Mr. Hill, we were calling about some unusual charges.
We've got a spike of several thousand dollars over the last two days.
What?
No, that card's never been used.
Thief!
Sir, if you would like to dispute these charges... Oh, here's something.
There's an attempted charge coming through right now.
Would you like me to have them hold the card?
I'm sorry, Mr. Hill.
This machine is so damn slow.
Oh, take your time.
Take your time.
You know, Amiglio, on second thought, I think I will try on that vest.
Where is that bastard?
Ta-da!
Bobby?
Dad.
You stole my credit card.
My boy stole my credit card.
Why are you so mad?
Can't you just pump a little extra propane?
Eh?
How did you get to be a spoiled rich kid when we're not even rich?
Okay, I'm sorry I borrowed... Stole!
...the credit card, but you just would have said no and we both know you're loaded.
So let's just say we were both wrong.
I'm loaded?
Has everybody in the neighborhood lost their minds?
Okay, Dad, I'll come clean.
I know everything.
I heard you talking about how you make a thousand dollars a day.
One thousand dollars a...
You mean my bonus?
My once a year bonus?
But what about your oil records?
In the garage?
You mean my oil change records?
I used to think you were too young for this conversation, but I think we've all had enough of you learning about money on the streets, so here goes.
Our checkbook.
I didn't even see anything.
Okay, you wanna know about the family finances?
Here.
So this is it?
Please tell me you've at least got some gold buried in the backyard.
Nope, that's it.
But with responsible budgeting, we do fine.
That's our entertainment budget?
But I spend that much on CDs every month.
I use up the whole budget.
Yep.
I guess I'll let you down.
What the?
That must be the jet ski.
Well, I was able to pay off everything except the jet ski.
Had to use my whole bonus and then some.
Guess I'll never get that new shower pan.
Sorry.
So here's your punishment.
I'm gonna get whatever I can for the jet ski, and you're gonna do chores until you work off the difference between that and what it cost.
Okay.
Now, uh, your mother said something about a date with, uh, Madam Vaughn Toilet Scrubbin'.
Any Vaughn scene, Bobby?
Good job, Bobby.
Hey, it looks hot up there.
Why don't you come down and take a break?
Breaks are for guys on disability.
Well, I do need some help getting the jet ski down to the lake to sell it.
I'm on it.
Just as soon as I'm done fishing out this squirrel.
So Hank frittered away his fortune.
God, if Peggy was the best he could do with money, what's gonna happen now when she leaves him?
Man, you talk about how the mighty have downfallen, man.
I heard it had something to do with the internet.
Usually does.
Brand new jet ski for sale.
Got all the features and really spiffy paint job there.
Sure was expensive.
Hey, Eric, what do you think of that jet ski?
You promised me a new one.
This one's probably broken.
It's not broken.
Fine, I'll prove it to you.
Okay then, it runs perfectly fine.
Happy?
Can it go any faster?
Of course it can.
I'll be.
Boy, that was fun.
It's okay, I guess.
We'll take it.
Oh, okay.
I know I promised you at Jetski, but could you at least say thank you?
Whatever.
I'll just get mom's new boyfriend to buy it for me.
Sir, for 50 cents, I will shine this baby up like a brand new dime.
I want to see my face.
All right.
Dad, go back!
They're not gonna wait around for us!
We're not selling it.
Now hold on tight, I'm gonna gun it.
We're gonna keep it?
We can't afford it!
I'm not selling your jet ski to that little jackass.
I figure the depreciation's the same on it whether we keep it for a day or a year, used as used, right?
Really?
Sure.
We can carry it on the credit card for a little while, and then if we sell it within a year, it'll be the same Blue Book value.
The credit card should only be used in an emergency, and you should pay the balance off every month.
Ideally, yes.
Dad, give me a big wad of cash.
