Okay, I'm at my turnaround point.
My breathing has just turned labored.
Just a little further, Bobby.
Forra, an exceptional fauna, one box turtle.
I'm sorry, Hank.
This will not make my article of Arlin's unforgettable hikes you cannot afford to miss.
But we haven't gotten to the best part yet.
Wait till you see the tea kettle of the mount.
For years, this miracle of erosion has been a symbol of Arlin.
Now, I know what you'll be thinking.
Could Mother Nature carve a hill to look just like a tea kettle, or did early man help her out?
Well, that's part of the fun of... Hey, look!
We're passing a dump!
The tea kettle.
And the graffiti.
You know, if the class of 02 really ruled, they wouldn't need to write it on a rock.
You know what we need to do?
We need to march right up there and clean up the tea kettle, and then march right back down and clean my bathroom.
I say since Alien Explorers constructed the tea kettle, it's their job to maintain it.
We can't wait for Alien Explorers to solve all our problems, Dale.
I'm going to the mayor and demand action.
Bah!
That mayor is a shell, a mere husk of a man.
The real power is with that new city manager.
He tells the mayor when to jump and how high and often where to land.
Is that the guy who turned the hoses on the street musicians?
Good man.
That's my dad and me in front of the tea kettle.
I'm, uh, pretending I'm a tea kettle.
So how quickly you think you can get a crew up there?
It's about 3.30 right now.
Hank, I wish I had the money to clean your rock.
Heck, I wish I had the money to pipe hot fudge into every house in Arlen.
Who's talking about that?
But I was hired away from Henrietta, Oklahoma to get Arlen's financial house in order.
Now, should I spend the town's limited funds on fire engines and police cars or on helping you recapture your childhood?
Well, I never said I would.
Excuse me.
Mr. Gilbert, I am a member of either the fourth or fifth estate, the journalistic community.
How would you like the Arland bystanders endorsement next election?
I'm appointed, not elected.
Oh.
Well, how would you like to get a recipe published?
Folks, if you'll excuse me, Henrietta Oklahoma didn't turn itself around, and neither will Arland.
Mr. You are just asking for a letter.
I am not gonna let this go.
If the city won't help me clean up the tea kettle, I'll clean it up myself.
And I will cover your story in the bystander.
I'll rally hundreds of affluent, active, slightly elderly raiders.
Hey, maybe you can write something about the tea kettle's history.
Show everyone why it's so important.
You fight the impossible fight.
I will make it important.
Tea kettle, eh?
Someone jump from it?
No.
Hmm.
Helicopter smash into it?
No.
Well, word of advice from one scribe to another.
Our readers like stories they like to read.
The tea kettle's a loser.
Abandon ship.
I worked all day and barely scratched the surface.
Oh, don't give up hope.
It turns out the kettle was a big name draw in its day.
President Garfield was here before his assassination.
And look, the Texas Rangers built a fort next to it.
There is the 1884 Notre Dame football team and Mark Twain.
Wow, the Texas Rangers and Mark Twain?
Our little tea kettle, huh?
And there's more.
Arlin used to be called Harlin, but over the years the H was dropped.
Maybe someday Houston will become Oostin.
Who are these ladies?
You are not going to believe this, but Arlin was founded by women.
This one lady here owned the largest pork ranchero in town, and this one was one of the governor's closest advisors.
Well, keep digging, Peggy.
This is the kind of gold we need.
Oh, I'll dig all right, Hank.
My brain is a shovel.
Bah, these archives only go back to 1870.
Where are the earliest issues of the bystander kept?
Couldn't say.
There's an old closet in the break room, but it's sealed off by the fridge.
Oh.
Too bad.
Looks like your story ends there.
It wouldn't be work, Bobby.
It would be a work party.
You and your friends would be scrubbing the tea kettle, but you'd also be listening to the radio and taking short breaks.
Let me tell you what I like and don't like about that idea.
Hill residents.
Meet me at the bystander.
Now.
What's going on, Peggy?
Did someone put a possum in your desk again?
Hank, dignitaries and Notre Dame athletes never came to Arlen to see the tea kettle.
Well, of course they did.
You showed me the pictures.
That was a convenient cover story.
The real attraction was something far different.
Hank, before Arlen was Harlen, it was called...
Harlottetown?
What does that mean?
Harlottetown.
Town of Harlottes.
Call girls, malls, pink pants, prostitutes.
Our beloved Arlen began life as the most notorious brothel in Texas.
What?
Harlottetown became Harlen because people were in such a rush to get here, they didn't have time to say Harlottetown.
But the Texas Rangers?
They were John's Hank.
I know this is hard.
Maybe this cats and jammer kid's comic will give you a chuckle.
I can't believe there... How could they even find 11 women who would do that?
My research shows that Arlen started off as a watering hole on the Chisholm Trail.
Some enterprising women invested in a tent and a cot, and Harlott Town was born.
Great reporting, Peggy.
Let's get all your notes in one place and I'll fire up the grill.
Thank you for not burning my story on the patio.
I am a journalist, and I will not kill a story because it's unpleasant.
Sooner or later, the sun is gonna crash into the earth, and if I survive, it will be my duty to report it.
You can't tell the town it was conceived in sin.
I have to.
Now if you'll excuse me, I am on deadline.
even with a thousand head of cattle to keep them company.
Cowboys would get lonely.
During the 19th century, the tea kettle was so popular that when a gentleman went to sample a harlot's wares, it was said that he had gone tea-kettling.
If I'd been around back then, maybe I would have rescued one of those tea-caddling ladies.
And she would have been grateful and lived on a farm with me for a few years till she ran away with a traveling preacher.
Dad, the city manager is on the phone.
He wants you and Mom in his office ASAP.
I want to apologize for my wife.
She made a mistake.
How about she publishes a retraction, does a couple of jury duties, and we forget this ever happened.
There was no mistake.
I don't care if you throw me in jail.
I am not revealing my sources.
Aren't your sources just old newspaper clippings?
I will neither confirm nor deny.
No, you don't understand.
I loved your article.
It got me thinking, we should clean up the tea kettle, share our town's colorful history with the world.
What?
Maybe I'm missing something here, but if we tell people we were founded by prostitutes, they'll know.
That was over a hundred years ago.
When people look back on... Wait, I have an equation to explain this.
Scandal plus time equals tourist dollars.
Look at Salem, Massachusetts.
Almost everyone thinks burning witches is bad now, but Salem is using their unique past to bring in tourist dollars.
I've been there, Hank.
They have a sewer system par excellence.
Plus it's educational.
Hank, if we do not learn from the past, what's the point of even having one?
That's going in the brochure.
Hank, it is really no big deal.
I mean, you never objected to Miss Kitty on Gunsmoke.
What about her?
Come on.
They had all those rooms upstairs.
She didn't charge enough for drinks.
Oh, not Miss Kitty.
Dad, what did the man do all day when the women were out prostituting?
Did your mother write another article?
No, it's my history homework.
Peggy!
Con Junior just asked me how much hugs cost in 1870.
This is your wife Peggy Hill's fault.
The kind of thing we should cover up.
Not teach our kids.
You don't have to tell me.
Peggy.
She's not home, Dad.
She's at some committee meeting for the tea kettle.
Oh, God, now there's a committee?
That's the last step before a task force.
I gotta get down there.
I go with you.
We really tear into Peggy Hill and those other pervs.
I'm going to Harlett Town where the gals really jet with two diamonds like the king.
Just Harlett Town where you only have to ask to get most everything.
This is fantastic.
Look at all these treasures.
Oh, it would be a crime if we didn't put them on display somewhere.
Are you talking the main glass case at the Central Library?
Bigger.
I'm talking about a museum.
Our very own historical museum.
The Arland Heritage Museum.
What could be more educational than that?
Yeah, museum sounds classy.
You haven't voted yet, have you?
Because we vote nay.
Careful, Hank.
That is an important artifact for the Arland Heritage Museum.
Shave 25 cents, deluxe shave $4.
Oh, God.
What you people doing?
I didn't move out of cesspool of Anaheim to let you wreck this little town.
Cod, you surprised me.
I thought you were the more sophisticated type.
Huh?
Oh, oh, Ted.
I'd not see you there.
Uh, uh, oh, there's the kind of stuff you're talking about for a museum.
Oh, very progressive.
I'm in.
Instead of teaching this stuff to our kids and building a museum of shame, why don't we celebrate the things our town is proud of?
The Ireland soldier and sailor's home, the petrified wood collection.
That will all be there too, Hank, but the founding mothers are the money.
Okay then, it seems like just about everybody wants to move forward on this.
The question is, what's the best way to tell the world about Arland's rebirth?
Idea.
What if we renamed the upcoming Arland Days Festival, Harla Toud Days?
I would be willing to dress up like a sheriff.
I'll be a deputy!
Sheriff.
Sign a petition and get a free gift.
A clean town.
You know what I like about you, Hank?
You don't care how unpopular your ideas are.
Unpopular, huh?
Well, Mr. Coyle here happens to agree with me that we don't need this museum.
Oh, I thought this petition was in favor of the museum.
I can't wait for Heart of Town days.
Save Arlen's virtue.
Hey, Chef Ted.
Maybe we should arrest Hank for this orderly funny dirtiness.
Hey, Hank, look.
I'm proposing this is what all the tour guides will wear.
Is everyone having fun?
Arlen Town Days has been a smashing success.
Everything is on track to make Arlen not just a tourist stop, but a destination.
That means lower taxes, new street signs, fire trucks and police cars!
And it's all gonna begin right here in the center of town where we're gonna convert the musty old soldier and sailors home into the new Arland Museum of Prostitution!
Why don't you come up and see it sometime?
Arland Museum of... Well, I don't...
An erotic bakery?
A gentleman's reading room?
Where's the Crafts Wing?
Where's the Empowerment exhibit?
And now, the big news!
Apparently, the secret of our little town has gotten out, and Arlen is the new home of the Texas Adult Video Awards!
Adult Video?
Oh, God!
As we speak, they are rolling out the red carpet at the Arlen Junior College Auditorium for the Adult World Shiniest Star!
I should have just let history stay buried.
I should have stuck to my old beat of reviewing pancake houses.
Yeah, well, you were good at that.
Let's get going.
The porn people will be hitting town any moment.
Why are we going to Dirndl?
No offense, Dad, but you're not a let's just go to Dirndl kind of guy.
Uh, I just thought it'd be nice to get out of town.
Looks like a breakdown.
It's some of... them.
Well, now we shouldn't jump to... Oh, God, a sport jacket with no shirt.
Well, maybe they are... that way, but they're also disabled motorists.
We have a duty.
Peggy, watch the boy.
What's the problem, Randy?
We did a whole movie about a flat tire.
I'm trying, okay?
Uh, you folks need a hand?
Hey, this part happened in the movie, too.
Thank you.
I cannot be late tonight.
I'm getting the Lifetime Achievement Award.
Well, congratulations, I suppose.
You do know your transmission is shot, right?
Uh, can we borrow your transmission?
I mean, just for tonight?
Just getting the truck.
I guess we can drop you off at your awards show.
Hank, what are you doing?
Peggy, they tried to fix their engine by changing the tire.
They'll die out here.
Wow, a real limo.
I wish I could have ridden in that.
You ever been in one, Mom?
Have I?
If I had attended my prom, certainly.
So, how did you folks get into the movies?
Hank?
Bobby?
Hi, John Redcorn.
Were you heading someplace?
I have a gala.
Well, I was hoping you could look after Bobby for a bit.
It's kind of important.
Would you like an organic pop tart?
You sure got a lot less pawn shops than where we usually have these things.
What's that?
That's the old Arlen Water Tower.
It sure is beautiful.
beautiful and it has more rivets than any structure in central Texas.
You know, I grew up in a small town just like Garland.
Of course, I can never go back.
Well, you still have your career hobby.
career?
Actually, the Lifetime Achievement Award is more of a kiss-off.
It's like the industry's saying, thanks for the 400 movies, we're real tired of seeing you do it.
Uh, right.
So you're out of the business.
What's next for candy?
Well, I used to dream of having my own little shop selling baby jewelry or sparkly tennis shoes.
But who would want to buy that stuff from someone with my past?
You know, Candy, the women who started this town were of a similar repute, but the moment they had a chance to quit, they did.
Look, that granary was built by our founding mothers.
And that pork processing plant.
I thought places like this only existed in the movies.
Not my movies.
Yeah, well, thanks to our new city manager and your awards show and the Museum of Prostitution, it's pretty much never gonna be the same.
This is wrong, Hank.
And believe me, I know wrong.
There has to be something we can do.
Candy, where were you?
We almost gave the Lifetime Achievement Award to someone else.
Do you know your lines, Hank?
Yep.
These decorations look tacky and inappropriate.
Yeah, when I play this out in my head, things look a lot better.
Especially the people.
Good evening, everyone.
Today marks the beginning of a special relationship between Arland and the adult film industry.
Welcome Texas Adult Video Awards to Ireland.
Come up and see us sometime.
And now the stars come out.
The recipient of the Lifetime Achievement Award, Candy Lace.
Thank you everyone.
I want you all to meet the man who made it possible for me to be here tonight.
Hank Hill.
Who's he?
Is that her first director?
No, that would be Nicholas Ruggles.
You all know I've played a lot of love scenes in the movies, but today I fell head over heels for real.
I'm announcing my retirement from the adult film business so I can be with my true love, Arlen.
No offense guys, but I don't want this kind of smut in my town.
We have a choice to make.
Which version of Arlen do we want?
The uncut x-rated one with shocking footage or the PG-1 that's grown up but still appropriate for kids?
Now who here wants to sign my petition to turn Harle Town back to Arlen?
I do Hank.
Now who else?
The petitions!
I got petitions!
Share the pens, people!
Let's take a deep breath, everyone.
In my, Arland, there won't be any parking meters, property taxes, slashed, free garbage pickup!
I'm the candy man!
Arland, come up and see us sometime!
Arland, come up and see us sometime!
Huh, gotta put the new complexion on things when sleazy people think we're too sleazy.
You know, I was the first person to come to Hank Hill's side on this.
Thank you, Mayor.
Looks like decency isn't so unpopular after all, eh, Vance?
Wow.
She really cleaned up nice.
In 1902, Mark Twain stood on this very spot and remarked on Ireland's natural beauty.
Dad, this was almost worth the hike.
I don't want to take my eyes off it.
I don't know how to thank you for everything, Hank.
Can I get you another pair of shoes?
No, no, these are fine.
Fine!
They're great!
I have a gala?
