Breakfast race!
I win!
No fair.
Interference from the life.
Dale, for the last time, you cannot store your poisons in the fridge.
We keep our food in here.
Come on!
I labeled it this time.
Hello?
Nancy, Tom Chick here.
We just got a hot tip about a breaking story.
I want you to cover it.
I'm on it, Tom.
Give me the details.
A student at Durnville Elementary brought his pet possum to school.
And?
What?
Did it bite somebody?
No, it's a baby and it's cute.
Go film it.
Sure thing, Tom.
Dang it, I'm sick of doing these stupid animal stories.
But that's the cutest part of the news!
Well, I'm tired of cute.
Cute doesn't win you a local Emmy.
I'm bigger than Possum's shugs.
But this could be big.
Come on, you're a genius at making something from nothing.
You made Joseph.
You're right.
If I'm gonna get ahead, I have to do it myself.
I didn't know you were allowed to say that word on TV.
Let alone advertise a product for it.
Welcome back.
We've all heard of playing possum.
But what about playing with a possum?
Nancy Hicks Gribble reports.
I'm here at Durnedal Elementary with Billy Cook and his little friend.
What's your pet's name, Billy?
Oranges!
And how did you sneak oranges past school security?
What security?
Exactly.
A question far too many schools are asking.
Billy and oranges stand here as a chilling reminder of the tragedy that could have befallen this school today.
If this boy had been an intruder and this marsupial agun, Shoe and Tell could have had a much different and deadlier outcome.
I'm Nancy Hicks Gribble, reporting on this dark day in Derndle.
That poor school.
What?
That wasn't even a story.
It was just a bunch of ifs.
Hank, what could have happened is often more important than what actually happened.
This is terrible.
If someone could bring a possum to that school, what's stopping them from bringing one to mine?
That classroom intruder story has me all on edge.
I missed the days when all I had to worry about was getting pantsed.
Yeah, school's supposed to be my time to relax, but I'm so tense.
Okay, Peppa.
Eyes front.
We're not getting caught with our trousers down like those poor saps at Dirdel.
If any crazies try to get into this school, you're gonna know how to fight back.
What can we do?
We're just kids.
Your knuckleheads are loaded for bear, and you don't even know it.
The contents of an average knapsack contains at least 13 ways to disable a man.
You see a pencil.
I see a spear.
A squirt of juice box can blind your assailant.
Awesome.
But the textbook can cause the most damage from the greatest distance, like a boomerang or the Cherokee throwing hammer.
Let's see what you've got.
Oh, a shot!
Keep it up!
Yep.
Yep.
Mm-hmm.
Shots!
You are not going to believe this.
My possum story is so popular, it got picked up by 12 affiliates.
Wingo!
Congratulations.
This is so exciting.
Of course, I don't know what an affiliate is, but I'm just happy you're happy.
It means my wife's face is going to be broadcast across Texas.
Nancy, your prison fan mail is about to quadruple.
Oh, you're right.
But this isn't about the glory.
I'm just happy to be making the world safer in as many markets as I can.
Am I the only one who realizes that this story isn't news?
How can you say that after what happened in Dirndl?
Nothing happened in Dirndl.
Oh, thank God.
Direct hit, Joseph!
What the heck are you kids doing?
Practicing our book aim, dude.
Mrs. Gribble's story freaked everybody out at school.
So Coach Clehammer said us maggots need to know how to protect ourselves.
He says, in this time of uncertainty, we have to be vigilant and ready to throw things.
But today is no more uncertain than yesterday because nothing happened.
Thank God.
Hello?
Nancy Hicks Gribble?
Hi, this is Bret Winslow, General Manager of KUMT in Dallas.
The News Mountain?
That's right.
Listen, I caught your classroom intruder piece and was very impressed.
So impressed that I'd like to offer you a job.
Oh my God!
I mean, I knew it was good, but I didn't know it was Dallas good.
This is incredible!
I don't know if we can leave, Arlen.
My son is in school here.
My husband has a job.
Kinda.
Are you crazy?
Say yes.
Dale, what are you doing on the phone?
I monitor all incoming calls.
Nancy, you said you wanted something bigger, and this is huge.
You go.
We'll make it work.
Yeah, do it, Mom.
That's my boy monitoring the monitor.
So what are you saying, Nancy?
I'll take it.
Yay!
Let's meet in the kitchen for a hug.
I locked myself in the basement.
Be right there.
Dale, are you sure you'll be okay with Nancy away in Dallas?
If you need a home-cooked meal, we can go over to Hank and Taggies.
Are you kidding?
This is going to be great.
I can finally do all the things Nancy won't let me do.
You know, Dale, just because Nancy isn't around doesn't mean you can do whatever you want.
Uh, actually that's exactly what it means, Hank.
I can't believe this is happening.
Me, a reporter in Dallas.
I've wanted this ever since I stepped in front of a green screen.
Oh, I'm so nervous.
What if I can't make it in the Metroplex?
Oh, of course you can, Nancy.
You're ruthless.
Remember when you paid that kid with Empati go to hang out with your homecoming queen competition?
Yeah.
You look sweet, but you'd go for the windpipe first chance you get.
Oh, thank you, Shugs.
Well, the car is packed and ready to go.
Uh, Nancy, are you sure about this, you know, leaving Dale alone, uh, with your son and your house, which you still owe money on?
This is my chance, Hank.
Besides, Dale will be fine.
He can survive anything.
He's like one of his cockroaches.
Mom, has your luggage been out of your possession since you packed it?
Yeah.
Security breach!
Joseph, sniff the bags.
All right, ready, Camera One?
I need a single on Nancy.
Prep the graphic, and go, Camera One.
Councilman Schneider could not be reached for comment.
Wade and Gwen, back to you.
Well, thanks for that report, Nancy.
And that's the news for tonight.
I'm Gwen St.
James.
And I'm Wade Bixby.
Good night.
And remember, we move mountains to bring you the news.
And we're out.
Nice job, Nancy.
You looked good out there.
Thanks.
It felt good.
So Nancy, every night we gather in my office for a little post-show analysis, a.k.a.
happy hour.
That's us.
Think tank by day, drunk tank by night.
Just be careful.
After a couple of drinks, Wade gets a little grabby.
I do.
Well, I guess I don't have to rush home to my family like I usually do after work.
You know, a drink sounds nice.
Vodka, this is chopper one.
Traffic is clear from a mouth to a stomach.
Woo!
Give me the keys, Nancy.
I want to buzz my ex-husband's girlfriend's condo.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
I'm when big speed.
Have you guys seen Dale lately?
It makes me nervous when I can't see him.
Nope.
And with Nancy being away, I figured we'd hang out all the time.
Couple of bachelors out on the town, up to no good.
But things are the same.
Hey fellas, check it out.
Only four more AC units to go and my transformation to igloo status will be complete.
Damn you giblet head, what are you doing to your house?
Reclimatization, Hank.
At the rate this world is cranking out carbon dioxide, we're just begging for another ice age.
If I prepare my body for sub-zero temperatures now, I'll be able to enjoy the glaciers rather than be killed by them.
Wow, you're really on top of things.
Dale, this is crazy.
Does Nancy know what you're doing here?
Maybe you like to bore Peggy with all your little projects, but I'm not going to bore my life with mine.
Hey, Griebel, where should I put the walrus before he wakes up?
Joseph's bed.
I hate basketball, but I love these martinis.
Yes, being a Dallas celebrity does have its perks.
Of course, some of us spend a fortune keeping this lifestyle off our face.
Isn't that right, Gweny?
Finally, more shrimp.
I hate that man.
Really?
I always thought you and Wade were having an affair.
We are.
It's good for ratings.
Want to know how evil he is?
Absolutely.
Every year, the station sponsors a float for the rodeo days parade.
Wade, of course, gets one of the seats, and he gets to pick who sits next to him.
And every year, instead of me, he picks his dog.
Oh, Shug, you just made me hate Wade, too.
You know, I think it's time for some new blood on top of that float and behind the anchor desk.
A couple of Texas beauties, perhaps?
I like you, Nancy.
You're gonna go far here.
What the heck is Dale doing over there?
Stop worrying about Dale for two seconds and tell me what you think of this one.
I don't know, it's a dress, just like the last one.
Hank, Nancy was nice enough to invite men and me to a fancy Dallas party.
The least I can do is look good.
But not too good so men doesn't feel bad.
Well, make sure you tell Nancy that her jackass husband is one air conditioner away from an electrical fire.
I knew her leaving him alone was a bad idea.
Vigilant!
Uh-huh!
Robert, Jeffrey Hill, have you lost your mind?
Always check under the bed.
That's Home Safety 101.
Out.
Okay.
But tomorrow, we work on closets.
I respect Wade, but I worry about him.
A man his age sneaking off to Mexico, bringing back experimental black market pharmaceuticals.
I know he is a local broadcasting legend, but maybe it would be best, you know, for the station.
If Nancy and I represented KUMT on the radio day's float.
Hmm.
Well, I am getting a little tired of that beagle he is.
I'll give it some thought.
Nice work, partner.
I thought I had a game, but I am impressed.
Excuse me, Gwen, my friends have arrived.
Hey, Shugs!
Welcome to the fabulous life, girls.
Now, don't be intimidated by all these beautiful people.
Inside, we're all the same as you.
Yeah.
Well, thanks for inviting us, Nancy.
And we bring greetings from Ireland.
Everyone except Khan says hello.
Oh, how is everyone?
Are they watching me on TV?
It must be exciting for them to see somebody they know get so famous.
Yeah, real treat.
Oh, see that lady, the one with the fake everything?
We've been secret plotting to get Wade Mixby fired.
But what she doesn't know is that I'm secret double crossing her to get her fired too.
High five!
Nancy, that's awful.
Well, I have to get a head shug.
Enjoy your drinks, ladies.
I have some rumors to spread.
What the hell is that?
I do not know.
I've seen Nancy with her claws out before, but I had no idea she could be like this.
I both respect and fear her.
It's too cold in here.
I can't feel my baby finger.
Are you supposed to feel your baby finger?
Dad!
Darkness!
Dang it, all my air conditioners must have spluft our electrical system.
Which is why we have to poach Hank's electricity to keep the cold coming.
Help me find the jumbo extension cord.
Intruder!
I got him!
Dale?
Call Nancy
You found this in Gwen's desk?
I just can't believe it.
I know.
So, so shameful.
Well, Wade and Gwen don't deserve to go anywhere near that parade float.
Nancy, I want you alone on the news mountain.
Thank you, Brett.
I will not let you down.
Well, I gotta get this thing out of the building.
Yes!
Looks like I'll be on top of the mountain chugs.
Enjoy the view from the cheap seats.
Nancy.
Oh, thank God I caught you.
Okay, Dale.
Can't talk, Shug.
It's my victory party.
Next round's on me, Shugs.
For the last time, Dale, I'm sorry my son beat you up.
Even though you're the one who broke into my house.
Irrelevant.
Can someone open my beer?
The pain is too great.
Of course, Dale.
That brought me some pleasure.
So, when's Nancy coming home to deal with this?
My baby's way too busy for that.
Nancy's top dog at the station now, Hank.
She's even going to be in a parade.
Isn't that great?
Wait, Nancy's not coming back because of a parade?
It does take a lot of focus.
Yes, and I'd like to be there to support my wife, but thanks to your son, my driving leg is broken.
So as father of my assailant, I demand you show for me to Dallas.
All right, fine.
If it'll shut you up.
Vengeance will be mine.
Retracted.
Hey, lady, I'm ready to ride the mountain.
Have you been drinking?
You look terrible.
We need to get you into makeup stat.
I could have you killed.
And here comes the entry from the Dallas Farm Association.
This is the first time in Rodeo Day's history a float has been shaped like corn, made of corn, and fueled by corn.
Better keep it away from the horses.
Hank, I do not know what to expect from Nancy today.
Last time we talked, she was full of herself and domestic champagne.
I'm sure she's fine, Peggy.
More baton twirlers?
Where's that tank they keep talking about?
Look!
There's my Nancy!
Nancy!
Nancy, wave at me!
I'm okay, I'm okay Nancy Hicks dribble everyone Wow yep
Oh, now this is a nice shot.
I can see why the Dallas Warning News put it on their front page.
Brett, I'm so sorry.
So am I. Clean out your desk.
You're fired.
Fired?
Brett, wait.
Let me explain.
It was an accident.
I thought all those drinks were just orange juice.
Say that, sweetheart.
You disgraced the mountain.
Clearly some people weren't made for Metro news.
Way to climb your way to the bottom.
Uh, Nancy?
What are you doing out here?
Waiting for the day to end.
Come on.
So you publicly humiliated yourself and got fired for it.
Don't dwell on the past.
There are plenty of things to look forward to.
Like what?
I'm back where I started.
I got my crappy job back at Crappy Channel 84.
And it's crappy.
Well, that's something.
Gainful employment and whatnot.
Listen, I know it feels like your dreams have been crushed forever.
But maybe that's okay.
A smaller market with less temptation and fewer opportunities might be just what you need.
You're right.
A small market is where I'll shine.
I'll catch the eye of another big station by annihilating my competition.
Oh, Miguel has plenty of skeletons.
I'll systematically destroy him.
And then anyone else who gets in my way, Houston is mine!
Nancy, where are you?
I can't reach the fire extinguisher and I need it.
And I need new toast.
Oh, forget it.
I'm too tired for Houston.
Coming, Dale.
That's it.
It's Dale.
Huh?
Dale and all his nonsense keeps Nancy so busy she doesn't have the time or energy to be like she was in Dallas.
So Nancy needs Dale more than Dale needs Nancy.
Huh.
Weird.
That was a close one, huh?
It sure is great that you're home and not just for fire retardant purposes.
I missed you.
Channel 84 must be happy to have you back, too.
It's quite an honor for them to have a big-time Dallas reporter behind their anchor desk.
You're gonna be all over that one billboard they have.
I guess you're right.
Sorry, the house smells like walrus.
Me too, Shag.
I'M WHEN BAKES ME!
