Butting thespians of TLMS, I give you the cast list of Oklahoma.
I'm in a dance number.
It will be an honor to work with you.
I think you'll find my portrayal of Curly to be both sensitive and gruff.
Now, where are you, Curly?
Ah, hello there.
Ken Hayashi?
Sorry, Bobby.
Kenny just has a certain rootin' tootin' quality about him.
His brother had it, too.
Yee-haw!
Wonderful.
Let's get a move on.
I want to get to the flea market while the tube sock guy is still there.
Oh, I ain't just cut the pompoms off and wear a pair of mine.
Our boy is just soaking in bed in his pajamas and a cowboy hat.
You know, if you ask me, there might be a silver lining to him not being a dancing cowboy.
Hank, we both know he is not like you, but you are still his father.
So go in there and sympathize with him.
It's just the tube sock guy always brings that old German shepherd.
And if it gets too hot, I know he's going to have to take him home.
I just can't believe it.
I thought he was meant to be.
Yeah, I know.
I know.
It's terrible.
Just terrible.
Terrible.
It's a beautiful day out there.
Why don't you get dressed, uh, throw out that hat and go hang out with your friends?
I can't.
Joseph's at football practice and Connie's at one of her recitals.
They've both got things they're good at.
I always thought performing was my thing.
You've seen me fall down.
I can cry on demand.
Why?
See?
Uh, well, we just need to find you a new thing.
A cool new thing, and I know just the place to find it.
Ah, the flea market.
It's like America's garage.
You know, somewhere in all this old stuff is the new you, son.
Hey, a lawnmower engine.
Get a truck dolly and an old steering wheel, and you could be the go-kart guy.
Come on, it's not that hot.
Here, why don't you take a lap?
See what you come up with.
Hey, what are those?
Oh, those are tarot cards.
People use them to tell the future.
They're like baseball cards for hobbits.
I'll take them!
Hey Bobby, ready to roll?
Oh, so you found something.
Yeah, I bought these really cool cards.
Well alright Bobby, everybody respects a guy who's good at cards.
Really?
Well sure, that's why they always get nicknames like Amarillo Slim or The Cincinnati Kid.
I know, I'll call you Ace.
Now focus all your energy on this card and it will foretell your future.
The ten of swords, it means advantage, profit, success.
Boy, hey, that's great.
Things have been going pretty well for me.
You know, with my girlfriend, Laomann.
Oh, wait.
It's upside down.
That means something.
Pain, affliction, tears, sadness, desolation.
Oh, I see you're into tarot.
How long have you divined the cards?
Couple of days.
It's kind of my thing.
The only thing you can predict with these is a coincidence.
No.
If you want any accuracy at all, you need a mantegna deck, or at least a fibia.
Sounds like you really know what you're talking about.
Yeah, sounds like.
As a 14th level sorcerer, I'd be a joke if I didn't.
Of course, forecasting the future is just the beginning.
The real power of magic, and that's magic with a CK, comes in manipulating the present.
Ward!
I told you to clean that bathroom a half hour ago.
I'm right on it, Chief.
Hey, I wanna learn more about this stuff.
Listen, young friend, do not let anyone see this address.
Arrive exactly at the stroke of four.
Ward!
And bring some potato chips.
Today, Merlin!
Oh, why is the mighty Heredia to please do smiten?
Damn it, Dale, you gotta stop painting your house number on my curb.
Sorry, Hank, but I gotta lay low for a while.
You have no idea how far the jackals at the Franklin Mint will go to collect the debt.
Is it okay if I'm a little late for dinner?
My friend Ward invited me to a gathering.
Gee, Bobby, you put me in an awkward position.
You really should be asking your father.
Who's this Ward fella?
I met him at the video store.
He saw my card pouch and we got to talking.
So I'm gonna hang out with him and his friends tonight.
I'm bringing the chips.
Well, see, Bobby, I knew you'd find your thing.
And doesn't that sound like more fun than being in a musical about Oklahoma?
Welcome to the Coven of Artemis!
Wow!
Cool layer.
I suppose introductions are in order.
Bobby, Meet Bond, Noram Woodbender, Pan the Soothsayer, and of course, the Master of Disaster, Mitchell Jefferson.
You can't just bring outsiders to our meetings.
It's okay, Mitchell.
He's cool.
You're supposed to- I said he's cool!
Welcome.
Bobby, before warned, because of the powers of the Coven people fear us.
When we walk down the streets, mothers steer their babies away.
Shopkeepers close their stores.
Holy, this looks like something at a Harry Potter!
Dude, I just vouch for you.
Uh, if Harry Potter went to... hell... Hmm...
This, Bobby, is nutmeg, and we use the spice for... Um, oh, I remember, give me a second.
Invincibility!
Resplendent!
The spices sit easily upon you.
Oh, I see you boys are making a cake.
A cake?
Yeah, a cake of tremendous power!
Score one for the acolyte!
As much as I hate seeing my boy play badly, I do enjoy hearing his name over the loudspeaker.
Sorry, but I gotta blow off the last quarter.
I told the guys I'd meet them in the parking lot.
No way to hold them, Ace.
Go get them, Shuffles!
Uh-oh.
Ace is gonna need this.
Hey, any of you kids seen Bobby Hill?
Blonde hair, card player?
Hmm.
That's okay, he must be tailgating over there.
Forces of fire, beings of the south, we command you to rise and lend us your power!
Interloper!
What the hell are you people doing?
Hey dad!
Bobby?
Meet the guys, or as we like to call ourselves, the Coven of Artemis.
Baaah!
Here I am thinking you're playing a nice, honest game of poker, and instead you're summoning the Prince of Dragons?
Check out the dork!
You can't play poker with these cards, Dad.
That's a good way to bring down the wrath of Lude.
It's all here in the book I bought.
45 dollars.
The family Bible cost less than that and it was written by Jesus.
Yeah, but this book tells you how to summon wood nymphs and water sprites.
All right, look, I know you're at an age where you think all this stuff is interesting, but believe me, it really isn't.
But you told me to find a new thing.
And then when I do, you just want to take it away from me.
They're my circle of power.
Believe me, Bobby.
I'm doing it for your own good.
Now, we're not going to tell your mother about this.
I know she shields me from a lot of the things you do.
And, well, I'm going to return the favor on this one.
Harness the energy of the crystal.
Well done, Noram!
Your powers are growing stronger.
Hey guys.
Ah, young apprentice.
Something is on your mind.
I can sense it.
My dad says I can't hang out with you guys anymore.
I guess he thinks magic is dumb.
Magic is dumb?
Does this look dumb?
Ta-da!
Don't make me come over there!
Noram, are you trying to get us kicked out of here?
Sorry, Bobby.
The problem with your father is, he's ungifted.
Our kind have always been persecuted by those who understand not.
From the Salem trials of the 1600s to the locker room beatings and bathrooms swirlies of today, tis all one.
So that's why my dad is so weird about this.
He's threatened by my powers.
Bobby, the mark of Merlin is upon you.
When you have completed your training, you will be a white wizard.
Really?
Wow.
What do I have to do?
When can I start?
Hmm, your training begins now.
You can start by refilling my root beer.
It was wise that you came to me, but be forewarned that I am merely the vessel through which the powers flow.
Are you gonna help us get our kickball off the roof?
Silence!
By the breath of Hecatease, I summon the winds of the North to blow.
Blow, I say!
Bobby, a word, please.
Resplendent.
Before we get started, I'd like to know the proper term for your religion.
You know, what's a politically correct term for which?
Hank, what is going on here?
Nothing.
Bobby just got a little carried away with this new club, but there's nothing to worry about.
He's quitting.
I think everyone's just a little uptight.
Why don't I summon up a tranquility spirit so we can all rest easy?
Oh, powers of ancient bool or doom.
I can't have him praying in my office.
School board's very clear on that.
He's not praying, and he's stopping right now.
Hank, I may be a mother, but I am still a woman, and I know a girl repellent when I see it.
I want grandchildren!
Will you fix this?
Uh, Mr. Rackley?
Yes?
Yeah, I'd like to have a word with you about your son Ward.
You see, he and my boy Bobby are playmates and... Excuse me, but I'm Ward Rackley.
You're Ward Rackley?
It's one of my many monitors, yes.
I'm also known as Mandelgar of the Northwoods and in certain company, Austin Osmond Strachlavartard.
How old are you?
30?
40?
Uh, not even close.
I am 5,000.
Don't you have some friends your own age, someone to drink with, maybe a girlfriend?
And waste my seed on a common harlot not likely.
When the time is right, a maiden will be delivered up to me.
Probably from the east.
Some of this isn't your fault.
I mean, a man can only take so many wedgies before he goes to pieces.
Good luck to you, buddy, and stay away from my son or I'll kick your ass.
You don't understand who you threaten.
I have powers!
Terrible powers!
Ma!
Okay, we tried it your way, now you're doing it my way.
This is a carburetor.
Take it apart, put it back together, repeat until you're normal.
Dad, the dark arts are nothing to be afraid of.
I'm not afraid of that garbage.
I'm afraid of you getting your ass kicked every day for the rest of your life because you've found a new way to act like a nerd.
Ward said you wouldn't understand.
Bobby, you don't need a crystal ball to see Ward's future.
He's gonna live with his mother until she dies, and maybe for a few weeks after.
Now until you stop with all this nonsense, I want you to take your carburetor and go to your room.
I know my dad must have come off as some kind of nut job, but you've got to believe I'm completely committed to our power circle.
Are you?
I wonder.
I think you'd be able to control your father as effectively as I control mother.
Nevertheless, Bobby's daddy has shown us that persecution of our kind is on the rise.
Perhaps it's time to take our powers to the next level.
Yes, thank you.
Tonight, we are going to kick it up a notch and summon a dread force that will bestow upon us unequal power.
And of course, we'll need someone to be the shallish holder.
I'll do it.
Excellent, my young apprentice.
You'll learn that white wizard cone yet.
We will convene at the ceremony grounds at half past the eighth hour.
Assuming that fat ass lets me leave on time.
Cool.
So, uh, what does the chalice holder do anyway?
You hold the chalice during the incantation, then right after we light the candles, you drink canineous spiritus.
What's canineous spiritus?
Dog blood.
What?
You are the chosen one, Bobby.
Soon and for all time, you will be known throughout the land as Robert the Dog Quaffer.
Yeah!
Have you, uh, checked out John Redcorn's new age healing center?
You really should.
On Friday nights, John Redcorn and his band, Big Mountain Fudge Cake, will be playing.
I'm John Redcorn.
I told you no more flyers.
Hey, Bobby, you like to rock.
Huh?
I'm just reading up on ancient ceremonies where people had to drink animal blood.
Oh, there's got to be a loophole somewhere.
You're losing me.
You can't tell anyone this.
Promise me?
Bobby, I give you my oath as a new age healer.
Okay, this group of guys I hang with, we're doing a ceremony tonight and they want me to drink the dog blood.
Dog?
Ugh, that's just weird.
I have to do it.
I can't do theater.
I can't do sports.
If I can't drink something gross, what have I got?
I had a breakthrough last night with my fruit rehydrator.
Can you believe a mere 12 hours ago these plump luscious grapes were raisins?
I think there's something that I think you should know.
Something very personal and disturbing.
Sounds like we should leave.
What is it, John Redcorn?
Bobby's gonna drink dog blood.
What?
It's part of some ceremony his friends have cooked up, and it's going down tonight.
No goddamn way.
I'm not gonna let Bobby be branded a freak for the rest of his life.
Before we get started, a debt of gratitude is owed to Brother Vaughn for procuring the offering.
My mom's new boyfriend's a veterinarian.
He lets me call him Rick.
Resplendent.
Now, everyone, if you would all be so good, it's to take your positions on the pentagram.
Uh, Ward, a pentagram has five points, but there's only four bases.
Why do you always test me, Mitchell?
Just go stand at shortstop!
We don't have your cat.
I'm looking for my son Bobby.
Is Ward there?
Well, his bicycle is in here, so he must be gone.
Wanna come in?
Oh, whoops.
We humbly come before you to ask for your magnificent strength and wisdom.
All right everybody, party's over.
Oh, sorry.
I'm looking for a bunch of warlocks.
Warlocks?
You know, nerds and capes and stuff.
Oh yeah, we kicked him out about an hour ago.
The tall guy geeked hard.
I cast a spell on his ass with my foot.
And now, in the melding of our joint world, our white wizard will ingest the elixir, Caninus Spiritus.
White wizard, white wizard, white wizard.
Now do it now.
I don't know if I'm ready for this.
Every gifted one passes through the bog of doubt.
Now do it.
I can't.
You have to.
Do it now before the moon wanes.
Yeah, yeah, yes, right before the moon wanes.
I'm sorry.
I just can't do it.
It's gross.
Then we will have to destroy you.
Destroy us, lobby us, hill us.
Oh my god!
My dad was right about you guys.
Under these cool robes and hats, you're all just a bunch of losers.
Silence!
Insolent one.
Accept your fate.
Desire!
You guys are so nerdy.
Even I feel like giving you a wedgie.
I was wrong about him.
He is ungifted and deserves nothing but our censure.
Thanks for the robe, fellas.
Oh, there's some dragon feathers in the pocket.
Help yourself.
Well, I guess I was able to make him disappear.
Mitchell, how would you like to be the shallish holder?
No?
Anybody?
Well, no reason to waste perfectly good Canina's spiritus.
Let's find an overpass.
Bobby.
Hey, Dad.
Are you okay?
You, uh, you didn't drink the dog blood, did you?
Me?
Drink dog blood?
That's not my thing.
Well, good for you.
I mean, to tell you the truth, those guys are a little pathetic.
Can you believe Ward was wearing socks with his sandals?
Unbelievable.
I guess I still need to find exactly what my thing is.
Well, that's okay, son.
You've still got time.
I didn't really find football till high school.
And I was in my 20s when I found propane.
What's wrong with wearing socks with sandals?
you
resplendent.
