So you say Linda did your toes?
She's a butcher.
Hey, you want to do the New York Times crossword puzzle?
It's what New York couples do every Sunday.
Like Tony Randall and his wife.
I know what I'm doing this summer.
Language camp at Middlebury?
It's not as much fun as that ad makes it look.
No, the Stage Door Pines Theater Camp.
Perform comedy at a real former Catskills resort with counselors whose credits include the Mike Douglas Show and Make Me Laugh.
I don't know, Bobby.
It's still got the word camp in it.
There might be some sports.
Eh, I'll fake a groin pull.
Oh, I've seen this date line.
That guy sneezes into the meat.
Bobby, did your grandfather send you more of those gentlemen's magazines?
The New York Times Magazine, published by the New York Times newspaper.
Oh, Bobby.
I wasn't reading the articles.
There's this camp I want to go to, see?
Summer comedy camp?
I'm sorry, Bobby.
I don't fully understand what that is, but I'm still going to have to say no.
And I already put in a good word for you with Mr. Strickland about working with me this summer.
I don't want to be a tank wipe.
Sure you do.
Why don't you come by after school tomorrow and help us get ready for the big Grill Stravaganza sale.
You'll be paid an experience, and that is tax-free.
Now, this fixed maximum liquid level gauge, on the other hand, is for propane tanks that have a dip tube welded in the vessel, or where mounting is to be done at the maximum allowable filling level.
Any questions so far, Bobby?
What's a dip tube?
What do you mean by vessel?
What's the maximum allowable filling level?
And isn't it about time for a coffee break?
I'm fading here!
Wipe out Bobby stop it
Those are propane accessories and you will treat them with respect.
I may have been on the phone with our 12th largest customer while you were in here horsing around, but someone was watching.
Good wishes, Texas Propane Dealers Association President Charlie Fortner.
Yep, he's the single most powerful man in Texas propane.
He's what Fritz Kubiak is to the County Utility Board.
So hard.
I wonder if Fortner and Kubiak are allowed to fly on the same plane.
But, Code Double Red, we just sold our last Wagner Charking Imperiale.
Where's the dang truck with our recent buy?
It was supposed to be here an hour ago.
I don't know.
Excuse me, I am here to buy a Wagner Charking Imperiale as advertised.
My satisfaction depends on it.
Dale, go home.
Bait and switch.
Bait and switch.
Bait and switch.
No, no, there was no switch.
No switch.
It's, it's bait and bait.
Bait and bait.
We have many other excellent grills.
Tell your daddy to throw in his apron.
This Winnie roast is going bye-bye.
Wait a sec, I've got an idea.
Spatulas!
Ladies and gentlemen!
Bobby?
Follow my lead.
I am the Great Gas Head.
He's the great gas head.
I'm the great gas head, and I'm here to say grills are coming, and they're on the way.
Oh, dear lord, do not make fun of propane, Bobby.
Do not make fun of propane.
Holds are full, and that's not a few 20,000 to 40,000 beat to you.
You're laughing?
Well, I don't know.
It's just that he's got that tank and a great gas head.
I love it.
God help me.
I love it.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Bobby, you're a funny boy.
Yeah, you should chase skirt with your grandaddy.
He's a mean kind of funny.
Point is you get them laughing till the truck came.
I'm thinking maybe we send those fellas up a stricter north.
It's like a funeral pile every time I walk in there.
Yeah, we could do a few sketches, a little improv.
Wear some wigs.
And you will be called the propane maniacs.
No, no.
The propaneiacs.
That's great, Bobby.
Here's to the propaneiacs.
I called the assistant manager up at Strickland North.
Things are bad up there, Bobby.
It's in the heart of charcoal country.
I should probably work up some more gas-related material.
You know, dad, it's weird, but I don't even, um, totally understand what propane is.
Well, no one will ever totally understand sweet lady propane.
But here's what we do know.
It's defined chemically as C3H8 and has an energy content of lame-weeding, tobacco curing, and defoliation.
All propane is produced from two sources, crude oil.
All right, now we're talking.
Crude oil's got the K sound.
I could work with that.
You see, your K is your funniest sound.
Ketchup, kangaroo, Krug vapor compressor.
Krug compressor.
There's two K sounds in that one.
So that's how comedy works, huh?
It's also crucial to end on a big joke.
In improv, we call it a blackout.
They actually turn out the lights after a big laugh to end the scene.
Boy, you sure know your comedy.
I study the masters.
Gleason had six different bus uniforms, depending on his weight.
Six?
Huh.
That's kind of a K sound.
Sorry, Dale.
You have to work at Strickland to be in the group, except for Luanne.
She's in.
Her buck won't pay for t-shirts.
I'm way funnier than Luanne.
Watch.
Bill, get a beer.
See, it just makes things more comedic.
Bobby, you awake?
Yeah, me too.
I must be a little jazzed up about your first show.
I was just going over the act in my head.
It takes a while because I hold for laughs.
Now, I hope these people in your head are laughing with propane and not at it.
Oh, yeah.
Not like with butane and those other bastard gases.
Blackout.
I will make you laugh and laugh and laugh some more.
We're the Propaniacs.
Propaniacs.
For sure.
If you're sad we've got the gas that is the cure.
Propaniacs.
Yeah.
Don't stick a fork in me.
I'm not done yet.
He'd be done if you'd used propane.
Ahem.
Excuse me.
Could you assist my son with his gas?
I only sell C3H8.
That smells like CH4.
I need a new diaper.
Baby did a bad, bad thing.
It is a fart joke, Hank.
I am hazmat the Magnificent.
The first envelope, please.
The first envelope.
Butane, charcoal, and your mother-in-law.
Name three things you'd hate to have at your fourth of July barbecue.
All right, guys, listen up.
This came today from the Texas Propane Dealers Association.
It says in part, we hope you'll accept our invitation to perform at the upcoming Southwest Propane Gas Trade Show and Conference in Arlington, signed sincerely Charlie Fortner, president, dictated not read.
Yay!
I never met a president before.
I met Patrick Swayze, but he don't that.
I mean, I mean, he's not.
Uh-huh.
I met Fortner twice, you know.
When he shakes your hand, boy, it stays shook.
Okay, guys, we're gonna ride the horse that got us here.
We'll open with gas cup, then do big baby, then ride into chasing bratwurst.
Hey, you know what I was thinking might be funny?
Well, we got Charlie Fortner in the audience, and he's a funny guy.
Let's put him on stage.
He could be the gas cop.
Better yet, he could be arrested by the gas cop.
Oh, Joe Jack arresting Charlie Fortner.
Charlie's going to get a big kick out of that, I tell you what.
You want me to frisk Mr. Forgner?
It'll be great.
Now listen up, everybody.
Here's what will do when Forgner comes up.
Well, he didn't want something like me touching him.
I'm just a driver.
My mom's as clean as a lady.
Smiling.
You're a hanging judge.
And don't give Forgner anything.
Wait a minute.
Where's Joe Jack?
He was drinking from his mini canteen out in the parking lot.
And then he was smashing car windows.
I wasn't gonna say nothing.
Oh, God.
It's probably pre-show jitters.
They'll do not start the show yet.
Gotcha.
That's too late.
I can't stop myself from... ...and now presenting your propaniac.
From Arlin, Texas, Bobby.
From Arlin, Texas, Lou Ann.
From Arlin, Texas, Donna from Accounting.
And finally, from Arlin, Texas, Joe Jack.
Joe Jack.
Joe Jack.
Let me take this opportunity to introduce the band on keyboard, the big D himself, Rusty Shackleford.
Gas cop, gas cop, what you gonna do?
What you gonna do when he comes for you?
Charlie Fortner, we had a tip you might be in possession of an inferior fuel.
Mr. Fortner, please come up here for questioning and keep your hands where I can see them.
No, no, no, no, I'm fine.
Thanks.
All right.
Punk, we'll do it the hard way, sir.
Hank, Judas Priest, man.
Stop it.
Big baby did a bad, bad, bad thing.
Joe Jack?
Uh, halt.
Halt and put down the lollipop.
Ha ha ha!
My diaper gone bye bye.
You got one on you?
What?
What the deuce?
Just roll with it, sir.
You're doing great.
The baby asked you for a diaper, Mr. Peepy Poo Poo Pants.
How about it?
That's it.
Hank, I'm getting out of here.
No, listen to him, sir.
They're loving it.
Come on.
I'm gonna frisk you diaper bandit.
Oh no, you don't!
Get off of me!
Hey!
Stop it!
Stop it!
Oh my God!
Blackout!
Blackout!
I'm sorry, sir.
I had no idea that you wore... You know... Say it, Hank.
I want to hear it come from your mouth.
Doppers.
You only have to say it.
I have to wear them, and bam!
Honestly, sir, no one knew you wore those things.
A man in a diaper comes out on stage and asks me for a diaper!
Now somebody thought that through!
No, I swear to you.
You keep doing your little propane comedy show.
You just have a good time with it.
And I will see that you never work in this business again.
You'll be back hawking dungarees at Gene's West quicker than you can say, ooh la la, say soon!
Sir, if it makes you feel any better, I also wear diapers.
Which brand is more absorbent?
Uh, well, uh... Get out!
Hey dad, I've been thinking about how great it went in Arlington and I've got a new closer.
You must buy, you must buy, you must buy.
It's propane.
You didn't think it was funny?
It's not that it's not funny, Bobby.
In fact, it's the funniest thing I've ever heard.
But, uh, we're not doing the show anymore, Bobby.
Charlie Fortner will sanction no further propaniac performances.
I don't get it.
First you don't let me go to comedy camp, then you make me work at your propane store.
And when I finally find something that makes it fun, you let Charlie Fortner take it away.
Come on.
Yep, those were some good times.
Bobby'd tell me something about comedy and then I'd teach him a little bit about propane.
You know that bit where he'd say propane is 270 times more compact in its liquid form than as a gas?
I gave him that line.
But he sure knew how to deliver it.
Hmm, yes, he did.
You know, Hank, there are still places where boss-fortuners' tentacles do not reach.
The propane maniacs could perform in high schools, shopping malls, anywhere.
Yes, there's over 60 million people who use propane in this nation, Peggy.
Well, I find that difficult to believe.
I think you mean six million.
You want me to get the book?
Yes, I do.
The propaneiacs Sunday night at the Arlen Mall.
Who's going to reunite this Sunday night at the Arlen Mall?
You mean it?
But what about Charlie Fortner?
Son, there's only one man in Texas who wears a diaper that I care about, and that's Joe Jack in the Big Baby sketch.
All right!
The kid stays in the picture!
Ha ha ha ha ha!
Propane-yax!
Aene-yax!
Come on, Dad!
Uh, no.
This is your moment.
are on the floor and will make you laugh and laugh and laugh some more.
Okay, we're opening with Gascoff.
Joe Jack, you sober?
I've had my coffee.
Gas cop, gas cop, what you gonna do?
What you gonna do when he comes for you?
The story you are about to see is true.
Only the emergency shutoff valves have been changed to protect the consumer.
You step out of that propane powered vehicle, honey.
Is there a problem, Gas Cop, sir?
Well, looks like you got some explaining to do.
Given the cost, filthiness and uneven heat of charcoal versus propane.
That's not my charcoal.
It's a friend's.
Wait a minute.
What else are you packing?
You're not just a charcoal user.
You're a dealer.
I can't help it.
I started with butane, then moved on to the harder stuff.
Stop me before I build my own hydroelectric dam!
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
You have the right to remain efficient.
I know.
If I give up the right to remain efficient, anything I grill unevenly can be used against me in a food court of law.
The right to remain...
Blackout!
