Yep.
Yep.
Mm-hmm.
Hey, here, Billy.
My delinquent nephew coming to town.
Don't buy him beer.
I know Rednecks like to buy beer for kids.
He'll ask.
He likes to party.
Don't buy him beer.
Hey, you guys want to come to my vernal equinox party tomorrow?
No.
Before you answer, remember, the vernal equinox is when the stars align in the configuration of an arrow pointing to Earth as if to say, come, visit here.
I'll read a thoughtful essay, we'll shriek ceremoniously, and eat tapas.
God no.
Hey, guys!
Ow!
My knee!
Bill, you gotta promise me you won't do that in front of the aliens.
They hate slapstick.
Nancy, have you begun making the tapas?
This will be the visitors' first experience with food on this planet.
I want them to have a little taste of everything.
Is this gonna shrink down?
This is huge!
What will I tell the aliens?
I hope you like this, because if you don't, there's nothing else.
Dale, I'm doing the best I can.
I'm sorry I don't know alien protocol.
Come on!
Seven!
That's a third seven in a row you've blown out of your nose.
You're amazing.
It's either lucky dice or a lucky nose.
There's only one way to find out.
Boys, please stop that.
I don't have time to take anyone to the emergency room.
Hey!
Oh, that must be, uh, men.
Dinner is served.
Now, be sure you've got your phone off when the aliens get here.
It could startle them, which could result in our death.
Not to mention it's pretty rude.
Hey, Nancy, did you know that John Redcorn, the children's musician, has been trying to reach you here at the station?
Well, I have no idea why.
I barely know that guy.
Well, he seems to know you.
I want you to do a feature on him.
What?
But I do news.
We're moving you off the news desk to features.
It seems people aren't interested in hard news anymore.
They say it's boring and makes them sad.
That is not my fault.
I always said we shouldn't do the sad stuff.
No, people love you.
Look at this male.
We love the blonde woman and Nancy real good and I want to lay with Blondie.
Really?
Oh, that's flattering.
But, um, shouldn't I start with a better get than John Redcorn?
Ah, Redcorn's hot.
He's burning up the pre-tween market.
And can you see if he'll play my step-kids' birthday?
Of course I get stuck organizing the party because my step-kids' real dad's too busy.
Too busy.
Too drunk.
And it's Equinox!
Yeah!
Are you my alien, member?
Alien?
Alien!
Alien!
Oh my god, it worked!
Come!
You need member!
Your language.
It's beautiful.
You want me to get in there?
Okay, okay, I'll get in.
Goodbye Earth!
Good game, good day!
2048.
Hey, your clock's on military time.
Why would you have military?
Oh my god, that's not the time.
That's the year.
You're not an alien, you're a time traveler!
Let me out of this thing!
Eject!
What do you do with a drunken bear early in the morning?
I'm so glad that your regular makeup lady got meningitis so I could do your makeups.
That's great, Shug.
Did you get a cat?
A blind cat?
Um, no.
I don't have a cat.
Nancy.
John Redcorn?
Go, Nancy.
I'm Nancy Hicks-Gribble, reporting live from Captain Bear's Pizza.
John Redcorn, you enchant Arlen's children and tweens.
Tell me about your personal style.
I wore this vest, especially for you.
This is the Native American symbol for forbidden love.
Oh, well, that's a fun fact.
Speaking of fun, what's your favorite local hotspot?
Remember when we found your hotspot?
Bobby, room.
But he's getting out his guitar.
Now.
You better call me if he sings the oatmeal blues.
I hope for Dale's sake this isn't what it looks like, the rekindling and whatnot.
Nancy swore to me she would never whatnot with that man again.
Guitar playing is about strumming the instrument in many intimate ways.
I caress the strings gently with a feather.
Hi, hi, hey, and so would rings true.
Calling people back is a bad thing to do.
For Channel 84, I'm Nancy Hicks Gribble.
Good night.
And clear.
Luanne, would you help me with this earpiece?
Here, let me help you.
Is that my hair?
You always did make me feel strong.
I've done it!
I've traveled to 2048.
Algar was right.
I wonder what ocean this used to be.
And man has devolved back to crawling.
No wait, that's just me.
At times like this, I wish I had a friend named the Professor.
Note to self, don't make too many notes to self.
Probably can't get more cassettes.
So, they changed the name of Ireland to Fartland.
Oh, cold, hilarious fate.
What happened here that would make them do such a thing?
What can I do for you today?
Your lips are looking a bit thin.
You want me to plump them up with some more of your butt fat?
Well, sure.
But first, could you look at my hair?
I think he's been falling out lately.
Hmm.
Hair's tough.
Let me try something.
Well, that should have hurt.
What's happening to me?
Well, it's difficult to determine the cause of female hair loss, and then it's hard to cure.
So what should I do?
Well, there are some shampoos on the market without rages claims.
You could try those, but if they don't work, you should be prepared for this.
See, right now you're here.
In six months, you'll be here.
Oh my God!
I tried it again.
You're definitely losing your hair.
What are you doing here, John Redcorn?
I wrote a song for you.
It's about a beautiful tree named Fancy.
Ignore the end.
The tree becomes a home for a squirrel with body image issues.
I'm sorry, John Redcorn, but you've got to go.
We broke up already.
It was hard, but it's done.
Please, Nancy, don't we owe it to ourselves to be happy?
What's John Redcorn doing here?
Don't be obvious, but look over at my one o'clock.
You're 6.30.
Dang it, Boom Hauer, I said don't be obvious.
I thought that whole business was over with.
Of course I still have that arrowhead.
Huh.
I thought in the future there'd be more things hovering.
You must be Hank's grandson.
I knew your grandfather.
He was... Okay.
A little jowlier than you.
Cut that out.
Hey guys!
My knee!
Oh my god, those about to say I'm okay.
I'm okay!
Wait, I wasn't transported to the future, I've been transported to the past!
Yesterday!
Oh, God, that's under the vest.
Oh, no.
We can't let this happen.
If Nancy sees him spouting all this nonsense, it's just gonna drive her back to John Redcorn.
Yeah, well, man, she ain't got two guys down far to go, man.
Oh, my God.
If this is yesterday, then I could run into myself.
If that happens, the space-time continuum will be compromised and the world will explode!
You know, Dale, we should probably keep this time travel stuff between us.
Because if the government finds out, they'll do what, you know, the government does.
Those bastards!
You're right!
I think the other me is close by.
I hear the sound of my voice.
If I ask, I was never here!
Nancy, your test results show there's no medical reason for your hair loss.
Your iron level is normal, your glands also creep perfectly, and your heart is in excellent condition.
I don't care about my heart.
My heart isn't admired on television.
My heart wasn't voted pretty as heart in high school.
My heart isn't so high and thick it once had a low flying bird get stuck in it.
Nancy, female hair loss is not uncommon.
It's usually caused by stress or heredity.
Well, it must be stress.
The hair in my family gets bigger every generation.
Well, in that case, I've got some great anti-anxiety medications I can prescribe.
Let's go to Dr. Shiffy's cabinet and see what we can do.
Oh, you're really gonna like these.
Alakazam Alparazalam.
This scarf is so pretty.
Do you think it thinks I'm pretty?
Man, these bills are great.
So doctors say hair loss caused by something stressing you out.
I say it toss up between idiot husband and idiot son.
Who you love and don't want to hurt.
I should wait in the car.
I don't want my baby to catch her stress.
I am not giving birth to a bald baby.
You think I'd be stressed out, but I'm not.
I feel freaking fantastic.
You know I'm addicted to these pills.
Well, if it's not stress, it must be heredity.
I know what I have to do.
What the heck are you wearing?
I'm going spelunking.
I've got an extra headlamp and backpack thingy with your name on it.
In masking tape.
You interested?
No.
Neither am I. That's why I know I won't run into myself there.
And after this, ice dancing.
And then, flossing.
Sorry to just drop in on you like this, Mom.
I lost my cell phone.
I've had the worst week.
You've had a hard week.
My foot bath died.
Then I had another one of my recipes stolen.
Mother, please, just listen to me.
Oh, all right.
But Mommy needs her Xanax first.
You want one?
No.
No.
Well, no.
Look, I've lost some hair recently, and I was wondering if female hair loss runs in our family at all.
Bless me for being so honest and such a good mother.
Sugar Bear, truth is my hair fell out long ago.
This is a wig.
Oh my god!
Don't tell your father!
So it is hereditary.
Not exactly.
We're not so dissimilar, you and I. Did I ever tell you about Frank Torres?
Your life-drawing teacher?
I remember every day of the ten years we shared our secret love.
Our affair was like floating on a cloud made of a rainbow.
Our love making exciting but virtually motionless.
I can't believe what I'm hearing.
Frank, how he loved to dance wildly to no music at all.
Just the sound of the pounding of his fist on his leg.
All right, you've made your dramatic speech for the night.
Can we get back to my problem now?
Sugar butter?
I mention all this because the stress of ending my affair with Frank is what brought on my hair loss.
What?
By the time my shrink discovered my subconscious yearning was to blame, it was too late to get him back.
He died, just like my old foot bath.
So what you're telling me is, if I want my hair back, I have to get back together with John Redcorn.
Or you'll regret it for the rest of your life.
Hey, here, my nephew missing.
If you see 17-year-old and tricked out hot rod, call the police.
I always do.
Hey, Nancy, I'm off to lifeguard school and I needed my Speedos.
What?
No chance of seeing myself there.
What is going on with you?
Hike, Dale.
Nancy, there's something I think you should know.
Okay, it's a long story.
It begins when I got into a time machine.
Vale.
Oh, right.
I've got to be quick.
Damn my love of flowery storytelling.
Nancy, tomorrow's not guaranteed.
You should live for now!
Meaning, if you're thinking about doing something that are hesitant for some reason, you should go ahead and do it.
Like, wearing that crazy hat.
You too, John Redcorn.
If there's something you're thinking about doing, you might as well do it.
Do it now!
You heard him, Nancy.
Now let me get this straight.
John Redcorn has to love the hair back onto you.
Uh-uh, that story cannot be true.
Oh, I bet Bunny's writing a fake memoir.
I'll warn Oprah.
No, it's true.
And if I don't get back together with him, I'll go bald.
Just like his broad, smooth, Native American chest.
I know that giving yourself to Redcorn would be both exhilarating and wonderful, but you are a married woman.
But my hair is my job, and my job is my family's livelihood.
So I'd be sleeping with John Redcorn as if our lives depended on it.
I know what Jesus would do.
He would resist the temptation, even if he had to go bald.
And he had great hair.
Oh, what am I gonna do?
I'm just a swirling tempest of emotions, chugs.
Frustration, humiliation, fear, desire, guilt.
Oh, just do it.
But don't do it too much, or you'll end up with mustache.
Wow, this is gonna be a great party!
So, I'll meet you there?
Did he tell you where the party is?
Then the squirrel loved herself exactly as she was.
Thanks to the beautiful, fancy... Um...
Excuse me, ma'am.
Oh, I'm a friend of John Redcorn.
Lady, all these women are friends of John Redcorn.
Nancy!
Hey!
I assume you didn't come here to get your caricature done with a monkey.
But if you want one, I can get it at half price.
I changed my mind, Shug.
Let's start what we finished.
Fatal flaw!
The end is approaching quicker than anticipated.
Okay, I don't know if you knew this, but I can't use any toilet but my own.
I can only hold my bodily fluids for six days and 52 minutes.
Yes, Dale, I'm well aware.
So I have to go potty!
I'm destined to run into myself in my bathroom.
Listen to me.
You have to stop talking about this.
But I feel bad about not warning Nancy.
You haven't told Peggy?
No, because I don't want to scare her.
And you shouldn't want to scare Nancy.
I don't!
Then just be cool.
Everything is okay.
Now, I'd like to get back to my family and my chili taco.
So you're telling me the end of the world is near and you're just gonna hang out with your loved ones and eat tacos?
Yep.
This train stops at the hotel.
We can go back and order room service.
Watch a movie.
Or we could just get right to the sex.
Whichever.
Nagsy!
Dale, what are you doing here?
Hello, John Redcorn.
Dale?
Nancy, I don't want us to spend one more minute apart.
I want to be with you for the rest of my life.
So what if that's only 35 minutes away?
Now, I'm not saying the world is going to end in 35 minutes, but if it did, I know exactly where I want to be in the arms of my trusty wife.
You're as beautiful as you are trusty.
Now let's go home.
I want you in the bathroom with me when it happens.
What?
Nancy, my lover, my teacher, my friend, I don't want to see me without you.
Come on, Skow!
Hold that train, sir!
I hope I made the right choice.
Well, this is the only wig shop in Ireland, so you don't really have much choice.
You're right, Sherk.
Oh, cold, hilarious fate.
