You know what?
This is just the right place.
Especially after our last outing.
Two piña coladas and men and she starts talking about stealing a car.
Dark rom make me crazy.
What did she say?
She think you'll feel lovely and it an honor to work on them.
Now where in the heck did I park my... This way.
My memory trick is usually fail safe.
When we got out of the car, I associated the parking section with William Shakespeare.
So naturally the car should be parked in 2B.
Unless I was thinking of not 2B.
This way you look at those delinquents horsing around with those shopping carts.
I bet they're... Oh my god, it's Bobby.
Bobby?
Joseph?
This is what you are doing in your after-school program?
Program was shut down, dude.
Budget cuts.
So we're playing shopping cart chicken.
Hey, we can get them to push us.
No after-school program.
Now who kind of gonna do the bums and rail yard?
This is ridiculous.
Our kids should be enriching their minds, not using a parking lot as a playground.
Something has got to be done.
The people who canceled that after-school program are gonna wish we never found our car.
Where is that freaking thing?
We have a real issue here.
But after school program is important.
Absolutely.
Our kids get out of school in the middle of the day when they air all those sex and drug filled after school specials.
Oh, Piggy.
Let's take this to the school board tomorrow.
They're not gonna know what hit them.
I gotta tell you, your initiative is really impressing me.
And not just because you're ladies.
Okay girls.
Hands in the middle, let's go.
For the children on three, ready?
One, two, three.
For the children!
For me!
Oh, I bet this must be very exciting for you men.
Where you're from, you probably didn't have the freedom to criticize your government.
Why would I criticize government in Laos?
My father was general.
I'd do what I want.
I was peasants' worst nightmare.
Thank you, Mrs. Chapman.
Your request to ban sections F and S from the library dictionary has been noted.
Okay.
Everybody have their talking points.
Yeah.
One little thing, though, Peggy Hill.
Keep it short.
Sometimes you go on and on and on.
I find it charming, but you might lose other people.
Good advice, and you probably should not call anyone Hillbilly, or Redneck, or Dumb Monkey.
Chet.
Well, I guess that does it for tonight's meeting.
Nice work.
Excuse me, Peggy Hill and the coalition to save the after-school program at Tom Landry.
Sorry, Mrs. Hill, but these meetings last from 6 to 8, and it is now... 8 o'clock.
Oh, great.
Now Connie gonna end up smashing carts like brain dead delinquents.
No offense.
None taken, I wasn't even listening.
Now, here's the game plan.
We take things to the next level.
New t-shirts?
No.
Switch shirts?
Not yet.
What we have to do is get on the school board.
There is a seat open and an election coming up.
Do you really think we can win an election?
I know we can.
You know, the turnout in these things is always very low.
The secret is to find a group of voters that feels overlooked.
Then look at them.
And I can get votes from Laotian community.
I give five dollar tip on French manicure.
I'm the lady die.
Well, I warned the folks over at Shady Pines trailer park about that tornado.
They were so grateful they're still naming dogs after me.
Great.
We've got pockets of votes in the Laotian community and in the trailer parks.
Then I score county wide with my two year teaching degree.
I wonder which one of us should run.
I mean, Peggy's a ball of fire, and men, she's smart as a whip.
Either way, our kids are in such good hands.
198, 199.
Hey, these are supposed to be 200 thread count sheets.
Damn Egyptians.
But men!
Three women can't fill one position.
This school board seat.
Not Boom Howard's hot tub.
Well, when you think about it, I'm most logical choice.
My daughter approving genius.
Plus, my perfectly symmetrical face is pleasing to voters and inspires trust.
And it sure would be nice to finally get a lay-ocean in power.
We gotta eat their fish on Friday.
They're gonna eat our rice noodles on Wednesday for breakfast.
You've got the most school-related experience, the best interpersonal skills, and a smile that lights up a room.
Yep, Piggy.
I gotta say, I agree with all your reasons why you should be the one to run for school board.
Well, thank you, Hank.
But let's not lose sight of why I'm doing this.
It's for the children.
No, I'm not saying men hate children, but I really love children.
They are three out of the five points in my five-point plan.
I haven't quite figured out the other two yet.
I'm thinking something about America.
Wow, dynamite.
Even though Dale says Principal Moss may try to assassinate us, I think this is going to be nothing but fun.
I can't wait to get started.
I have so many ideas I couldn't sleep all night, so I make pecan sandies.
I appreciate your enthusiasm.
Now, it's obvious who our candidate should be, but it would be presumptuous of me to do the nominating.
So?
I'm not sure how obvious it is.
Oh, you mean me?
No.
Well, I'm not sure I'm the person for the job.
Wait!
Well, somebody gotta do it for the children, and if no one else wants to run, no one?
Five points!
All in favor of me?
Thank you, Peggy.
Nancy?
Well, since Peggy's okay with it.
Okay then, I'll go f**k you.
Oh, hold on.
Not that I want the job or anything, but... Then don't sweat it.
Oh, and I wouldn't drink from there.
Doggy has a cold.
And I can't help but think that men did it on purpose.
Those pecan sandies were astonishingly dry.
Come on, Peggy, they're not shy people.
If men wanted to choke you, she would have just reached over and done it with her hands.
I will give her that.
You know, Peggy, you could still be the power behind the scenes, just like that little fella in the Wizard of Oz.
Yeah, yeah.
You're right.
And maybe next election, I can run another candidate.
Then another.
Before you know it, I'll be running the entire city from my bathtub.
Mrs. Soup and Mrs. Gribble are waiting in the living room.
Here's breakfast, and I typed up the monologues from Leno and Letterman.
Good work.
Now, I need you to highlight last week's dunesberries and tell me why they're funny.
Peggy, are we out of butter?
It's behind the cottage cheese.
Behind the cottage cheese!
Okay, people, I'm glad to see you're all here.
Now, let's up!
War Room.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Thank you.
That was Bobby.
He was testing the line.
It works.
Okay.
First off, we're gonna need to make some signs.
Uh, we're just about done making signs, sir.
Men to win.
I don't get it.
What not to get?
I'm men.
I wanna win.
Huh.
Maybe we should focus group that.
No, no, go.
Women 18 to 45 will be turned off.
Here's what we're gonna do.
You know what would be a big help, Peggy Hill?
Starbucks run.
Oh, I'll have a Frappuccino.
Bag of Maryland!
I'm all four men running for office, but she better not take my guns away.
She's running for the school board.
Then she better not take Joseph's guns away.
I'm not crazy about making holes in my lawn, but I guess it's for the children.
You know, my lawn is already dead.
Maybe we could put all the signs there.
No offense, Bill, but this campaign is about hope.
Oh, right.
I'm not saying you have to use the moment of silence to pray.
The kids who don't believe in God can just sit quietly and smirk about how they've got it all figured out.
Thank you, Mrs. Chapman.
The next question is for men.
Hello everybody, and to my Laotian friends, Sebidee.
Yeah, you've been talking about keeping the after-school program going?
I think I hear the sound of my property taxes going up.
And you fat cats with your pie-in-the-sky programs on your freed prescription drugs?
No, no, no.
That's not me.
I do not want to increase taxes.
Yeah, sure.
You'd love it.
No, no.
You're not listening, Kethro.
Oh, this is ugly.
Someone has to stop the bleeding.
What my candidate is trying to say is that we will cut the fat and leave the muscle.
I know what I'm trying to say.
It's what I just say.
Please bear with my candidate.
Obviously English is not her first language.
But how about a hand for her courage?
You crazy?
Get out of here!
The thing to remember, people, is that you are not gonna have to tighten your belt because we are gonna fix the pants!
Give me that!
You need me.
Fix the pants!
Uh, can I ask the candidate a question?
What are you going to do to raise educational standards?
Without raising taxes!
Fat cat!
Let's see how you handle this one.
We all concerned about educational standards.
And I tell you where the problem is.
The teachers.
Did you know our school system require only two year degree to be substitute teacher?
Is that true?
So you want to know how I raise standards without raising taxes?
I tell you after I look into your hearts and you look into mine.
No teacher full-time or substitute can teach our kids without having a four-year college degree.
I only have a two-year degree.
She's taking teaching away from me.
That's my life.
How dare she?
I groomed her, I taught her everything, and she has the nerve to stab me in the back that is just not done in politics, Hank.
There's no way I'm going back to college.
I'm a teacher.
I'm done learning.
Believe that woman.
I'm real sorry.
What happened to you should but the important thing is to keep the after-school program alive, right?
So what?
Oh, yeah, of course for the children But can we really trust men to deliver?
I mean come on This is a woman who makes dumb blonde jokes behind your back men makes dumb blonde jokes behind my back Hey, don't drag me into your little cat fight.
I just came over to save the after-school program.
Oh
Oh, that witch.
Here's what I'm thinking.
We dig up some dirt on men, and you do an expose on the local news.
Then, after her support is totally gone, I jump into the race and give that freaking dog the beating of her life!
Well, I don't know.
That kind of reporting isn't really my arena.
Nancy, how much longer do you think you can milk this sexy weather girl act?
Two, three, two years tops.
This is your chance to be taken seriously.
Get on the air and deliver the biggest news flash of your career.
Peggy Hill is running for school board.
Well, I do want to be taken seriously.
And I have some ideas.
Oh, honey, I'm sure you do.
It's just that no one ever listens to me.
Okay, okay.
And we have to think constructively and not get emotional about this.
Now, how do we destroy men?
Oh, there she is.
Smile and wave.
Smile and wave.
I bury you.
What are they saying, Gail?
Khan is asking men to pass the potatoes.
Oh, come on.
I need something juicier than that.
I tried to slip in their house as a paper boy, but Mr. Super Newsome phone recognized me.
But I grabbed their garbage.
Huh.
Look who's too good to hang on to a sizzler coupon.
What do we have here?
Come to mama.
Cold front looks like it wants to stay put right through the weekend.
So while there might be a spring in your step, there's none in the forecast.
Very well, Nancy.
Just how much fun is a barrel of monkeys?
Well, two radio DJs.
Emigale?
Here's some advice on the upcoming school board election.
I'd think again if you're planning on voting for men's super nuisance phone.
I don't think these are the kinds of pay-per-view programs that a friend of the children should be watching.
Ah!
I told you men, but no!
You just had to see how both boxing... Oh yeah!
Fortunately, there is an alternative.
I know someone who'd be perfect for the job.
She's a dedicated parent.
She's smart, and she's more than just a pretty face.
She's me!
Nancy Hicks Gribble!
Pick Hicks!
What?
And if, Electra, I promised her an Arlen skirt, too.
Wait!
I'm running to Peggy Hill for school board!
Hey!
Ow!
Ow!
Ow!
Ow!
What is that?
Thank you.
Do I have these in the right order?
You better.
Here comes someone.
Big smiles.
Oh, it's only con.
Phase two complete!
Van Rented, ready to pick up constituents and sweep election.
Phase three, ha!
A victory dance!
You rent minivan?
What you thinking?
Minivan seats seven people.
I need fifteen to swing election.
How much Peggy here paying you to be jackass?
Something's wrong with the bug.
I can't hear a thing.
But I see they have a new van.
I bet they're using it to bust their constituents to the polling place.
Well, we'll outfan them, but we'll keep ours in the garage.
They'll never see it coming.
Idiots.
Why this working?
I rewired it myself.
You better get out of here, Grimoire.
I am this close to kicking your ass.
No one threatens me.
I'm this close to kicking your ass.
Oh, yeah?
Well, now I'm this close to kicking your ass.
Let's settle this like men, Hank.
Whose fingers are closer?
Whoa, whoa.
Just because our wives are at each other's throats, doesn't mean we have to be.
Oh, easy for you to say.
Your wife, I lose ya.
And now, now, Con, maybe Hank's right.
I say we let bygones be ya!
Sneak attack, I win!
I'm so hungry and tired I messed up the last 50 buttons.
Bobby's out.
Hanks in.
Fine.
When are we having dinner?
It's 9.15.
Ugh, fine.
Here's $10.
Go.
All right, Joseph.
Easy.
Easy.
Joseph, stop.
The sign.
So they have a van.
Okay, Hank.
Men has her support here.
I'll concede little Laos to her.
Nancy's support is... Well, she's been blathering about all the dogs named after her in this trailer park.
Which leaves all of this for me.
Hank, we're gonna need a bus.
We're not spending money to rent a bus.
It's for the freaking children!
The phone poll numbers are not good.
The projections show Nancy with four votes, Min also with four votes, and Peggy Hill, zero.
Now, I could increase my margin of error to five votes, but even then, I am just winning by the skin of my teeth.
Well, when people see that flyer you put in the penny saver.
That doesn't come out until after election day.
Now, I need to motivate my base, the hardcore constituents who would fight and die for me.
You have to make me a base.
Call your customers.
I don't really think I should mix politics and propane.
People's passions run pretty high about both those.
Hank, I cannot allow myself to be beaten by Nancy or men.
I could never show my face in this neighborhood again.
I know, but with your numbers being zero and all, maybe you should just prepare a concession speech.
What?
You want me to concede to those two?
Hank, you're out.
Peggy, you're in.
I'm no weather bimbo, but forecast looking cloudy for you to win.
Just because I'm beautiful doesn't mean I'm harmless, Shug.
Have you ever wondered what happened to the weather caster before me?
It's the voting ban.
Yes, the voting ban is here.
It's the voting ban.
To take you to the polling place, so let's all get on the van right now.
And vote for Nancy Hicks, Cripple, for Stillboard.
Hey there, friend.
Oh, uh, I'm here for the voters.
Voting truck already done come and took them.
But, but I'm the one who was supposed to have done come and took them.
Hang on there, mister.
I want to talk to you about that fancy hat you got on your head there.
Uh, but I don't want to talk about my fancy hat.
Hello!
Election bus here!
Somebody!
Down Nancy.
Hey driver, when are we getting to the polls?
Never.
I cannot believe we lost about Chapman Looney.
Yeah, not only that, it's say there she's getting rid of after school program.
And biology.
And all offensive encyclopedias, whatever that means.
I guess we kinda burnt the toast on this one.
Hi.
She only got 18 votes.
I hijacked twice as many of your voters on my bus yesterday.
We could have crushed her.
Yeah, into fine powder.
Ow, my eye!
Cool.
Maybe we should spend some time with the kids today.
We could be there after school program.
Maybe we take them to a museum.
Or the zoo.
Which is a museum of animals.
IT'S FOR THE FREAKIN' CHILDREN!
