Morning, hon.
Morning, Uncle Hank.
I called you, hon, and I'm naked.
I'm sorry, Uncle Hank.
What are you touching?
Those are my personal undergarments.
Some of them are mine.
Will you look at what your niece has done?
She's got my drawer spinning around with her unmentionables.
Yeah, scandalous.
Where's my coffee?
Ooh, laundry hot after the dryer.
Six a.m.
and already the boy ain't right.
Hello, is there a Lou Ann Platter living here?
Well, who wants to know?
Shiny Pines trailer park.
Miss Platter owes six months back rent.
You must have that wrong, Mr. Lou Ann doesn't have any trailer.
That's why she lives here.
So she does live here?
Don't play mine checkers with me, man.
I'm not in the mood.
Look, we're both reasonable people.
You said it, friend.
My record show a trailer at the corner of Shady Oak Lane and Untaved Access Drive.
Lou Ann Platter, resident.
That can't be right.
Luanne used to live in a trailer, but her parents had a fight, the trailer tipped over, her mama went to jail, and the cops hauled it off.
Sir, if you're calling me a liar, you better behold something stronger than an umbrella.
Nine iron?
Y'all have a nice day.
Well, they asked me to substitute for a German class, and I said nine, which I thought meant yes, but apparently nine means no, so...
I blew a big opportunity.
Lou Ann, why are you living here?
Because I have nowhere else to go.
Well, a man came by from Shiny Pines trailer park today, and he says you still got a trailer there.
No, I don't.
It's hipped over.
But it's still there.
No, it's hipped over.
Lou Ann, let me try to explain.
I have a beer can.
I tip it over.
Now, is it still there?
I can't live in a beer can.
I can live in a trailer, but I don't have a trailer because the trailer tipped over.
That trailer cannot be livable, Hank.
It's full of broken dishes and broken dreams.
So?
We'll clean it.
Hank, if they had a sponge that cleaned up broken dreams, Woolworths would still be in business.
Hey, Hank, whatcha gonna winch?
Lou Ann's daddy's trailer.
I'm gonna untip it and set it right.
You know how the Egyptians untip the pyramids, don't ya?
with a winch, a cinder block, and 50,000 Hebrew slaves.
You got a cinder block?
I could get you an army tank from the base.
You know, there's nothing better for pushing, except for maybe a bulldozer, but of course they lock those up.
Look, I got a truck and a winch.
You want to stand around talking or you want to tip that trailer?
Nancy, I'm helping Hank winch a trailer.
I'll see you for dinner.
Sorry, Shug.
I get to anchor eyewitness weather tonight.
There's high winds blowing.
Might be a tornado.
This could be the disaster I've been waiting for.
So keep your fingers crossed.
Well, what about my supper?
I left a carton of cigarettes on the table.
I think I'll keep her.
You know, fellas, trailer parks are some of your largest consumers of propane, right behind school buses and crematoriums.
Pretty, pretty, pretty.
Look at all those pretty trailers.
Hey, man, that's a damn good old deal, man.
I'll tell you what, a hundred bucks a month, man.
You get them hookups and get them old dang two-top jiggling around everywhere and whatnot, man.
It's nothing but a damn trash, man.
Okay, boom hour, crank up the winch.
You got it, you got it.
All right, let's do it.
Keep going, keep going, use the momentum.
Do you think Alex Trebek is sexy, Aunt Peg?
Get out of my mind, Luanne.
Hey there, Luanne.
Pig leg.
Hey, honey, what have you been doing all day?
Oh, this and that.
Hey, Luanne, here's a thought.
Wouldn't you like to have your own room?
Well, sure I would.
I'd also like a date with Alex Trebek, but I don't see what good to do since I don't even have my own room.
You know, if that trailer wasn't tipped over, you'd have more than just your own room.
What are you driving at?
The trailer's not tipped over anymore.
The guys and I took care of it.
You could move in there tomorrow if you want.
Why are you doing this to me?
You're welcome.
Hill, how could you?
You are practically pushing her out the door.
Sometimes you gotta stop vomiting in the baby bird's mouth and kick her out of the nest.
Well, that's a very clever analogy.
But you know, from our own sidewalk, we are constantly raking up those little dried up bird babies.
Luanne is just not ready.
Oh, Pumpkin, are you all right?
I'm sorry I lost an ampag.
But I thought I never had to go back to that trailer.
Well, you don't have to, Luanne.
Not until you are good and ready.
Did you know I was the first in my family to go to beauty college?
No, I did not know that.
I'm not stopping there.
I have dreams, Aunt Peg.
I want to do hair and makeups for TV.
I know I'd be good.
I believe that I could be the first one to hide those bags under Michael Douglas's eyes.
Those are big old dreams.
I'm shooting for a star rent pack, and you know what?
I'll be okay at shiny pines, because you could see the same stars over that trail you could see right here.
Well, at night.
Okey-dokey.
Well, you're all packed up now.
Guess you better start your goodbyes.
We want to get on the road before that Dr. Demento starts stinking up the airwaves.
Goodbye, lady bird.
Oh, you look so sad.
Show me that smile now.
Come on.
That's my girl.
Goodbye, Luan.
I just wanted you to know that I never read your diary, even though you secretly suspected I did on June 18th, 1995.
I was wrong to doubt you, Bobby.
That's OK.
Oh, Uncle Hank, I just wanted to tell you you've been like a father to me.
Uh, and I just wanted to tell you that, uh... Here, let me give you my card.
Hold on to that.
That'll get you a 10% discount on all your propane needs.
Lucky lucky me!
Luan, honey.
Why don't you go out and wait in the car?
What?
That card is just like cash!
Did you even happen to notice that Luan was crying when she left here?
Well, when isn't she crying?
She cries at weddings.
She cries at funerals.
There's no rhyme or reason to it.
I spent six hours tipping up her trailer yesterday.
My back hurts.
You don't see me crying.
No, I don't, but I wish I did.
I mean, come on, honey.
A member of your family is saying goodbye.
Luan is not family.
She's company.
If she was family, I wouldn't have to double knot the belt on my bathrobe just to get a midnight snack.
Well, that is your problem.
The WAN loves you, and you have no emotions for her at all?
I've got plenty of emotions.
I was afraid she was gonna hug me.
I was worried that she wouldn't leave, and I was happy when it was over.
Well, I don't know how anyone is supposed to know what you're feeling, sitting there like a block of wood.
That is what you are sometimes, a blockhead.
A blockhead?
Now that's hitting below the belt.
Well, I am sorry, but sometimes you make me wonder what the hell is wrong with you.
Oh, really?
Well, speaking of hell, if I wasn't so in control of my emotions, I might be inclined to say that's the sort of place you should consider making a visit towards.
Son, I'm very sorry you had to hear that.
I just lost my grip, and I spoke in a way that a man should never ever speak to his wife.
I can't hear the TV.
The National Weather Service has issued a tornado watch for the Tri-County area.
This is not a test.
Channel 84 doesn't play those kind of games.
Residents should be on the lookout for a tornado, especially if you live in a trailer park, because as we all know, Jim, trailer parks can be hell in a tornado.
Hey, isn't that funny, Dad?
Because, I mean, you sort of told Mom to go to hell, right?
And then they say on TV that in a twister, a trailer park is hell.
And that's where Mom's going.
There's no reason to panic.
My telling your mother to go to hell will not be the last words the two of us exchange.
You and I'll just drive to the trailer park, pick up Peggy and Luann, and return without incident.
Now just in case I'm incapacitated for some reason, do you know how to start a man's heart with a downed power line?
No.
Well, there's really no wrong way to do it.
Well, I wish I could hang around with you ordinary citizen types, but my county needs me.
Yep.
I take on certain powers when I put on this uniform.
Not unlike your Marvel superheroes, like, you know, Stretch Armstrong, Spider-Man, whatnot.
Your bat cave's open there, Bill.
You know, I don't mind you guys making fun of me on a daily basis, but when I have this uniform on, I'd appreciate little respect.
I'm sorry, you're right.
Of all the army barbers I know, you're the bravest.
Set your moose on stun there, Bill.
You better hang on to that camcorder real good, because I'm driving right up next to that twister.
Hardcop is paying 500 bucks for flying cow video.
I tell you what, man, you won't get a flying cow, man.
You're gonna load up them dynamite and all, can like that, dig with a boom, man.
That old cow fly all over the place.
This is no time for jokes, boomhauer.
This tornado is already classified at level two on the Fuji sake scale.
We'll storm that strong, we'll send an egg through a barn door.
Two barn doors if one of them's open.
What would a level three do, Mr. Gribble?
Level three will send an egg through a brick wall.
Tornado Chasers call it Humpty's Revenge.
Wow.
Tornado time is like the end of days, Bobby.
The soft shall be blasted through the hard.
Chaos will descend upon the well-organized, and the strongest of men will become like a woman of average strength.
That's enough there, Dale.
Now let's go, Bobby.
Uh, just a minute, Dad.
I... I forgot something important.
Nancy Hicks Gribble here for Tornado Watch 97.
Brought to you by Mega Lo Mart.
Mention that your home was destroyed and get a free five pound bag of onions.
A series of tornadoes has touched down in Ireland County.
As of this time, we have no reports of injuries or of injury footage, but if you know of someone who has been injured or is likely to be injured, please call this station.
So many bad memories.
There's the fork mama stabbed daddy with.
And the anti-bottles from that awful night.
Oh no!
Those mango-colored Palazzo pants that made my butt look big.
Oh, this is getting harder than I thought.
There was a lot of fighting going on when we lived here.
I guess I have that effect on people.
No.
Do not be silly.
The fight Hank and I had today was about him, not you.
I am so mad at him and his precious self-control.
I surely am not unfoned to you, Peggy.
I tell you what.
What kind of marriage proposal is that?
Wheezy's nightclub was in the path of Gale Force Wits.
Wheezy.
He leveled the club down.
The strippers are fine, but a customer had his lab broken by one of the dancers.
Nothing to worry about.
That trailer park is at least three strip clubs away from Wheezy's.
What?
It's that dang fuel filter again.
There's no gas station for miles.
Go to the Megalo Mart.
They've got everything and a whole lot more.
So maybe, just maybe, they'll have fruit pies.
Come on Bobby, hurry up.
All right, Twister.
It's just you and me now.
Ten years ago, you took my shit.
Did you think I'd forget that?
Come on, bring it on!
No, please, let me go!
Whoa, man, dang it!
What, hey!
Excuse me.
Come on, Bobby.
12 fuel filters for $60, but I only need one.
One fuel filter.
I'm sorry, but those have to be purchased in packets of 12.
12 fuel filters.
I'm sorry, sweetheart.
I can't sell you a package that's opened.
I opened it.
I'm the one who opened it.
I'm sorry, baby, but I can't for insurance reasons.
What insurance reasons?
What could possibly happen with an open package of fuel filters?
Fuel filters?
Honey, quit.
That jackass is buying all the fuel filters.
What?
Leave some for us, jackass!
I need a fuel filter.
What are they for?
I need one.
Well, that man's buying them by the dozen.
Somebody stop him!
Come on.
Come on, let's go.
Move that truck.
My wife is stuck at shiny pines.
I'm not authorized to drive the truck, sir.
My wife is in danger, dammit.
Now make something happen.
Security!
Bill, thank God.
Make this idiot let me pass.
I'm down just how would I do that, Hank, with my blow dryer or my scissor comb?
Bill, come on now.
No, I'm sorry.
I must have a bad case of barbers here.
I can't hear a word you say until you dress me as Sergeant Doe Treve.
Bill, please.
The Katie!
All right, Sergeant Doe Treve.
I don't know if I like your tone, Private.
What did I do to deserve this?
I didn't mean to curse my wife to hell.
Oh.
Nancy Gribble here for Death Watch 97.
A level 5 tornado is headed right for Shiny Pines trailer park.
Shiny Pines residents, we urge you to remain calm.
However, if there are any personal issues that you've been waiting to resolve, or if you've never experienced the miracle of love making, now might be the time.
Peggy!
Luanne!
Where are you?
Look, Dad!
Femingo!
The twist is coming!
Run for the radio!
Take my son!
Peggy!
Peggy, are you in here?
Hey!
Over here!
Peggy!
This is the moment I've been waiting for.
earth are you doing here I came to find you I don't know how long I can hold on so I better say this now I feel terrible about what I said to you Peggy I don't want you to go to hell I just
I- I mean I- I'm not good at this kind of thing!
Go on!
You're doing fine, sweetheart!
Don't edit yourself!
Just whatever comes, just let it come!
You're my best girl!
And you mean everything to me!
When we were apart today, that was hell!
your beautiful face beside me.
I love you and Bobby and Luann to a lesser extent.
Curry!
Hi, Curry!
It's the eye of the storm!
Come to the shelter!
Run!
Uh, is Luanne still alive?
Tell her to cover her eyes!
They're covered!
Oh, just run, you jackass!
Don't tell me that old lady's in there, too!
Oh, don't mind me.
I've seen a barrel of pickles in my day.
All right, I'm coming.
Hmm.
Hmm.
Well, you don't have a trailer anymore.
It's tipped over.
Guess you'll be staying with us from now on.
Thanks, Uncle Hank.
You know what I'll never forget was when Uncle Hank was naked.
That never happened.
But the wind blew our clothes off.
Not my underwear.
Yes, I did.
Not my underwear.
Not his underwear.
