You're only gonna be gone a few weeks.
Why do you pack the whole house?
When you go to Laos, you have to be prepared for anything.
Fancy dinner party, fishing on the Yangtau River, surprise lengthy hospital stay.
Besides, I couldn't decide what sandals to bring.
You're in for one leech-infested vacation, lady.
Close to tour all the way.
While we're gone, there's going to be a lot to do.
You have to remember to turn off the sprinklers every day at 6 p.m.
Pay the gas bill online and refill your prescription.
Fine, okay.
Stop talking and leave already.
I can't wait to make my underwear.
My only wear.
Hello, men.
Are you off on your big trip?
I have a favor to ask.
Khan will be home alone for the first time in years.
Maybe Hank could check on him.
Make sure he's all right.
Don't you worry, men.
I will have Hank check on Khan.
I know how hard it is for Khan to make friends.
That's not what I said.
Well, it's what you meant.
Hurry up and get in cab before redneck neighbors steal your luggage and take it to pawn shop.
All right, everyone.
Grill Stravaganza is in two weeks.
Now, as you know, this is the only time of year I ask you to take your job seriously.
Last year, Fatherton cooked our chestnuts like a Parisian gypsy.
We gotta outsell theft in this year, people, ideas.
How about we wrap a guy in raw meat and put him on the grill just for a little while?
How about we give away a monkey?
A monkey with a hat?
Well, we're not doing a bikini car wash, because I'm the only one that ends up in a bikini.
Oh, all right, I'll do it.
OK, we got the entertainment taking care of good.
Now, who's on promotions?
No offense, Mr. Strickland, but what does any of that have to do with selling grills?
Once again, you have attempted to cut through the crap.
Now, let's see if you can actually do it.
But if you can't, we're doing it my way in the crap wins.
I will give my all for you, and propane, and to keep Donna's clothes on.
One of these boxes has all my old Halloween costumes in it.
Hold on a second.
What have we here?
Your dad used to like music?
The computer this goes in must be huge.
Comedy?
Joseph, to the turntable.
As usual, Grill's Stravaganza is all on my shoulders, and my shoulders are drawn a blank.
Why don't you change the name to Grill?
It's the Stravaganza part that's killing you.
You guys want to head over to Megalomart with me?
Maybe I'll get some ideas.
I hear keys, Jingling.
I bet you're going somewhere fun.
Why don't you take Khan with you?
Good one.
What?
Why would I invite Khan?
Because I told Min you would spend time with him while she's out of town.
And when I say no, Min pretends she doesn't speak English.
All right, fine.
I'll ask Khan.
Come on, guys.
Well, fine, Al.
I'm thinking we'll make it after all, man.
No, I'll blow a glade tank.
My dad never laughs at anything, so this has gotta be good.
Hey, Johnson!
Oh, you lesson has to call me Johnson.
My name is Raymond J. Johnson Jr.
Now you can call me Ray, or you can call me J, or you can call me RJ, or you can call me RJJ, or you can call me RJJ Jr.
But you lesson has to call me Johnson.
I don't get it.
What are they laughing at?
And who's he talking to?
Is he talking to us?
I'd like to hear more from the guy who said, hey, Johnson.
Maybe we have to play it at a faster speed.
Better, but still not funny.
Hell, the weather's been nice, huh?
Weather too dry for my supple skin.
So, uh, you're a systems analyst, huh?
That must be, uh, interesting.
Yeah, occasionally I get to consult for a company with intelligent leadership, like Anderson Automotive, GCP, Wagner, Southwest Paper.
You consulted for Wagner?
The Wagner grills?
Well, Wagner make a quality product.
No one designs a better flanged hood and side firebox for that special flavor, rednecks like.
Now this may sound weird, but can you just talk?
I want to listen to this.
You know what I always wonder?
Why no company has ever souped up a grill.
Made it a total entertainment centerpiece.
I have been saying that for years.
Think of all the peripheral devices you could add.
A minibar, a knife sharpener.
Yeah!
Flatscreen TV!
Face, mister!
You know, Buck Strickland wanted something exciting for the grill Stravaganza.
Con, I want to build that grill.
Will you help me?
I will hang here.
I must!
We call it the Commander in Beef.
It's the Swiss army knife of grills, but made by a country that's not afraid to fight a war.
Welcome to Strickland Propane.
Well, what do you say we get started, partner?
Take it out, Hank.
Miter saw.
Perfect for cutting bread.
And look, we could add a snow cone machine for the kids.
Con, we stand at the threshold of greatness.
Oh, I gotta go pick up a prescription.
I'll catch up with you with the corn dog cart.
Uh-oh, she's dealing with an argumentative senior.
I don't want it in a pill!
I want it in an ointment!
Aw, we'll be here all day!
Maybe I don't need the medicine.
I'm not sick.
Min only makes me take them to even out my moods!
Listen, if you're not sick, don't worry about it.
Wives have turned us into pill-poppin' baby-wearing, teeth-whitening sissies.
You're right!
I think I'll self-medicate with 50,000 BTUs of ass-kicking hellfire!
Um, I found this comedy album in the closet.
Oh, Ray J. Johnson Jr.
You can call me this and you can... He's the man who taught America to laugh.
Well, if there was a Mr. 1976, it was certainly him.
He's the one who got us through the second gas crisis.
Well, did it come with a booklet that you follow along?
Because what's here is not funny.
You're wrong.
It is funny, and let me tell you why.
You can't explain comedy.
Oh, hey, Con.
Wow, you sure got an early start here.
I stayed up all night and worked out every last detail.
The entire project is designed and diagrammed in my head.
Well, just point me where I need to be and put a tool in my hand.
Well, there, over there.
Boy, I'm telling you, it's like somebody took Conn and replaced him with an actual human being.
You're talking about Conn?
Our neighbor?
Conn?
Yes, he is a completely different person.
And in one day, my liking of him went up from not very much to somewhat.
Tell you what, man, talking about one dang old day ain't gonna make over them a dang old seven, old dang old years, man.
Well, maybe we never took the time to get to know him.
He's so outgoing, and funny, and has such energy and passion.
So, how are his hands?
When you're walking down the street holding hands, are they soft?
Enough talking!
Now I want to meet the new con!
Dance along with myself, dance along with myself.
When we're scoffin' to food, we sign the scoffin' to food.
Dance along with myself, dance along with myself.
Hank, you said Conn had energy, but wow!
He's accomplished more in 10 seconds than I have in a year!
Hello, neighbors!
Watch us step!
But as always, it's good to see you, and I just baked delicious cookies that should be cooled off in 35 seconds!
Conn, that self-portrait is beautiful!
Oh, last night I took Penny Class on internet, and it teached the importance of color and depth.
And hey, who wants piping hot delicious cookies?
Is this our grill?
A new grill!
Yeah, yeah!
New ideas hit me all the time!
And now, as every accoutrement on a tail-getting football junkie could ever desire, say, did you know Hank is an anagram for con?
H-A-N-K-K-A-H-N!
Looks like we destined to be best friends, right?
Wow, uh, you know, this grill, it looks pretty elaborate.
We only have a week.
We can finish it no problem, because I compute the amount of work it will take and the amount of time we have before the sale.
And I concluded that we will finish it with five hours, three minutes, and eight seconds to spare.
Yeah, that sounds right to me.
That's some nice humming there, Conn, but I really need you to focus.
Who you think tastes better deep-fried?
Grebo?
No.
Don't treat.
He'd be so delicious.
We seal in all his juices.
You know, I think it would be easier to work with you if I had another beer.
Hey, old chap!
I just thought I'd check in on my two favorite labors.
Damn that defined looking grill.
You think this handsome guy do anything less than perfect?
But you know...
It's coming to me.
Stay with me, because it's gonna kick you in the hill, Billy-ass.
Automated flavor sensors here and here.
Remote control operated trays.
And mechanical arms on either side.
Like a giant grill robot.
Robot?
How the heck are we gonna pull that off?
It's crazy easy.
We attach a couple motherboards, some microprocessors.
Love it!
Don't understand it, but I love it.
It works.
Satherton and I made a bet Yakuza style.
I could lose a pinky.
Okay, see you're laughing, but I don't know why because you doesn't have to call him Johnson
Hey, man, look, see, he gets annoyed because, man, I've got this dang old name, man.
So he's going to call me.
You can't call me Johnny.
Don't have to call me Sonny.
They're on June 2, man.
And then what?
What more would you need?
Con's not here?
We also noticed and discussed it at length.
Dang it, he promised Strickland some kind of robot super grill and I can't get him to focus.
That Con's a ball of energy.
Last night we popped some corn and solved the JFK assassination.
And Lincoln, we're halfway through McKinley.
The other night he ghosted out my autobiography.
I came out great.
I don't understand what's gotten into Khan.
Only thing I can see that's changed is that Min left and he went off his medication.
Interesting.
Did he say what the medicine was for?
I don't know.
He just said that Min made him take him to even out his moods or something like that.
Did he say that?
Even out his moods?
That's what they usually say about people with manic depression.
Maybe we ought to check on him.
Conn?
Sadness covers me like a blanket.
Tuck me in, let me die.
Maybe he's just sad.
Nope.
He's been swallowed whole by soul-sucking depression.
Yep.
He reminds me of me when I was just starting out.
You've got a long way to go.
I'm just not ever good.
Hey, Con, if you're depressed, maybe we could go out for some ice cream or watch a funny movie.
What if you gave him one of Coach's pep dog tank?
Now, that's a great idea.
Why don't you go into the girl's locker room and put on a skirt, Wendy?
Oh, what, you don't like that?
Oh, you gonna cry?
Huh?
Yeah.
I guess you are.
Gonna cry.
All right, we're gonna have to fix this somehow.
I'll confiscate his shoelaces and the drawstring from his pants.
People forget the drawstring.
We should try to get his prescription filled.
So, uh, Con, I was thinking maybe you could throw on some pants and come to the pharmacy with me.
There's no use in going.
I threw a prescription away.
Don't even know doctor's name.
You know what I just realized?
I'll never hear another Huey Lewis song for the first time again.
Man, I don't know.
It's gonna be hard, man.
They're gonna fixin' up the dang old con and fixin' up the dang old grill, man.
Grill Stravaganza is in four days, and I can't make sense of Khan's plans.
I don't know anything about computers, and his writing is microscopic and in Laotian.
This is like figuring out a jigsaw puzzle made of clouds.
I just wish this was a movie.
Some music would play, and we would just cut to when we were all finished.
Well, I've done it.
I've glued a toaster to a karaoke machine.
Is that something I was supposed to do, Hank?
If this is useless, we can't finish this without Khan, and Khan can't finish this without his medication.
We could just get him the drugs illegally from Mexico.
They're the exact same medicine, only cheaper and spicier.
Let's do it.
Pardon me, Johnson.
You can call me Ray, or you can call me Jay, or you can call me Reggie, or you can call me RJ, or you can call me RJJ, but you don't have to call me
I'm not coming out until I crack this.
Yo, Johnson!
You can call me Ray, or you can call me Jay, or you can call me Rinky, or you can call me RJ, or you can call me RJJ, but you doesn't have to call me Johnson.
You doesn't have to call me Johnson!
Johnson got another one.
I wonder how many pills Khan should take.
Maybe to be on the safe side, he should take them all.
No, man, just a dang old hat, man.
One man's own couch is on whimpering wine, and the next minute, I'll be hopping out of, man.
Hank Hill, by the time you got here, because I need a 516-inch drill bit right now, 516C.
It's a good thing I'm off my medication.
Now I have lots of energy.
That's good to work.
Oh, can you help me move my couch, too?
Actually, Con, we were able to get your... Glad to see you're feeling better, Con.
No use in wasting this good mood, huh?
I'll grab that drill bit.
Peggy, I'm going to be working late tonight on the grill.
So, I found a bottle of pills.
It gets better.
They are unlabeled pills.
It gets better.
They are from an unlicensed Mexican pharmacy.
You have one sense to explain.
Well, that's what happens when you let Boomhauer borrow your pants.
I accidentally made Khan go off his medication for manic depression, so I had to get more of it from Mexico.
So why are the pills in your pants and not in Khan?
Well, if he goes back on his medication, it'll even him out and we'll never finish the grill.
Grill Stravaganza is riding on this.
Hank Hill, you cannot withhold Khan's medication for some stupid grill.
Come on, Peggy, look at him out there, all full of energy.
It's not hurting anyone.
All right, fine.
I'll give him his pills.
Con, you have to stop building.
Can't stop now.
The commander in beef is almost finished.
Big sale starts tomorrow.
You have to take your medication.
But I don't want it.
I feel great.
And when I'm off my meds, I have so much pep.
We're all friends.
See?
Friends!
Well, we'll still be friends.
Not taking your medication is too risky.
You could slip into another one of your, uh, depressive states.
Your health is more important than the grill.
I guess I see that now.
Oh, Hank Hill, you care about me.
Well, go on now.
Take them so you can get back to normal.
It's not immediate, Hank.
He's gonna take a day or so for the pills to work.
Really?
So what happens until then?
Well, I could be manic.
I could be depressed.
Real crapshoot.
Huh.
The suspense is killing me.
Yeah, Khan's been lying down for over an hour.
What do you think that means?
Which way is he gonna go?
Oh, man, it'll be like a dang old Bill Joe, man.
It'll get dang old sadness for you, man.
It's Monic!
Hey, check this out!
Oh, cool!
Hot damn!
Hank, we just sold more grills than in the last three years combined.
We'd drive rough it and fathom it in the face.
Yes, sir, I believe we did.
Hey there, Con.
You're looking well.
You know, balanced.
Yeah.
I just came by to see the grill in action.
Looks good.
Good?
She's a goddamn masterpiece, Con.
It even knew I was hungry.
I know this grill almost destroyed your fragile grasp on sanity, but that is a damn fine burger.
Yeah.
All in all, I have to say it was worth it.
You can taste the pain.
But you doesn't have to call me Johnson!
