It looks like a rabbit.
Oh, I guess that's the tale, huh?
Very good, honey.
What else do you see?
That one looks like a pig.
No, wait.
Maybe it's a ham.
Bobby, in your imagination, there are no wrong answers.
Look, Mama Bee.
Well, yeah, I guess that could be.
Maybe a puffy little wing and, oh.
We even fooled a bee.
Well, that's because bees are stupid, fool and owl.
Then we'll talk.
Guess who sold three barbecues today?
Dad, in here!
I'm painting my room!
Well, alright, son.
You can finally wear those overalls without being embarrassed.
I'll get the funsiver.
Uh, uh, hold on a minute.
This is our son's first paint job.
Do we really want to remember it looking all blotchy?
Those aren't blotches.
They're clouds.
Huh?
Ugh.
Ugh.
You painted clouds?
White puffy clouds.
This is a boy's room, not a daycare center.
A boy's room should be blue.
I'm painting it back.
Hank, please do not stifle him.
If my son wants to stare at clouds, then he... He can look out the dang window.
He can see all the clouds he wants.
Not at night.
At night, all you can see out that window is Bill dancing with his mop.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
You don't even know what we were talking about.
Alright, what is it?
Nancy's birthday's on Saturday and I'm throwing her a surprise party.
Abracapasta.
Magic, dining and more.
Ugh.
Yeah, I've been spraying their kitchen for roaches and silverfish and well, until business picks up they're paying me in free magic shows.
You have to come, you already said you up.
Alright, I'll go to the show.
But I'm not clapping.
I don't like magicians, don't trust them.
Ever since David Copperfield made the Statue of Liberty disappear.
Shame on him!
Remember people, this is a covert operation.
I have recruited one John Redcorn to keep Nancy busy all day.
She will not suspect a thing.
Oh, Shug, this place is perfect.
No one will ever spot us in this dump.
Maybe you should take your hands out of my jeans now.
Shug, what's the matter with yourself?
Oh my god, it's Dale.
Happy birthday, baby.
Happy birthday, baby.
Nice work, John Redcorn.
She didn't suspect a thing.
You are so clueless.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Honey, you never get older.
Well, it's been a wonderful party.
Hank, sit down and enjoy the magic show.
The last thing I need is some silky man in his silky scarves trying to trick me into having fun.
Ladies and gentlemen, Abra Caposta is proud to present all the way from Guadalajara, Mexico, the astounding Herrera!
Oh, Lord.
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
I am astounding Herrera.
Get ready to be astounded.
Did you see that?
He pulled the watch right out of his pocket.
Oh, Hank, will you be quiet?
That's not part of the trick.
Where did that watch come from?
Yes, there are no wires.
The only thing holding it up is magic.
Sure, who needs wires when you got a forklift behind the curtain?
Hank, would you please?
Now, the sewing of woman in house.
You see that now?
He just lied to us.
He didn't really cut her.
No one wants to hear it, type.
When my next illusion, I will need a volunteer from the audience.
A beautiful woman.
He's not going to pick you.
He's got a plant in the audience.
Hank, you are not sitting in a room full of idiots.
We know he didn't really saw that woman.
We know birds don't grow out of his fingers.
We know his accent is phony, but we don't care.
The fun is pretending that it's real.
Ah, yes, you.
Excuse me.
Thank you.
And what is your name, my lovely?
Oh, oh, May Lamo, Peggy Hill.
Ah, you speak Spanish.
In a way.
Then you must know that most pinatas is filled with the candies.
An este burro is no exception.
But the sweetness I am filling it with is the sweetness that is Peggy Hill.
Sit in there, Peggy.
I will take three swings at Tiburo.
If Miss Peggy Hill is lucky, I will miss.
Will she get lucky tonight?
One!
Two!
Ideos mio.
Will astounding Herrera strike out with Miss Peggy Hill?
We shall see.
Sick!
Alright, that's enough.
Get out of the donkey, Peggy.
We're going home.
But I still have one more chance to hit on your wife.
All right, mister, I've had enough of your tomfoolery.
Let her out of there.
As you wish.
Where's Peggy?
You bring my wife back right now, or I'm getting the manager.
I'm right here, Hank.
How did you do that?
I cannot break the magician's code.
And neither can my lovely assistant.
Okay, that's it.
Nancy's birthday party is over.
He will not get very far.
Without his keys, ladies and gentlemen!
Youth thief, I'll kick your ass!
What the... Hey!
A trap door.
No.
Mirrors in the... No!
Rotating stage?
Will you stop it?
I promised Herrera I would not tell.
And there is nothing more important to a magician than keeping secrets.
Probably because so many of them are gay.
Well you made a promise to me too.
Love, honor and obey.
And I want you to obey me when I tell you to tell me how that trick was done.
You just can't stand that I know something that you don't.
Well, get used to it, Hank, because I will never tell you how that trick was done.
Never, ever.
So, uh, this Herrera, is he, uh... Yes, of course he is.
Now, leave me alone!
Then, the piñata exploded in a shower of candy.
Wow, what kind of candy?
Jolly Ranchers.
Oh my god.
Then, poof, I was gone.
Where were you?
Back in my seat, taking a long, cool sip of my corona.
No one knew how I got there.
Perhaps, not even me.
Would you stop filling his head with nonsense?
Bobby, there's a perfectly logical explanation for your mother's brief disappearance.
I'm listening.
Well, you see... All right, I will tell you.
It was magic.
I knew it!
Aren't you late for school?
It's Sunday.
What about Sunday school?
And I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever.
Grab the bear.
Uh-oh, before we go, children, children, I want to know who everyone's doing their Bible report on next week, Bobby Hill.
I'm gonna do my report on Jesus.
Oh, I love Jesus.
Jesus is good, Bobby.
Very good.
She disappeared from the pinata and reappeared in her chair.
The question is how?
Any theories?
You're asking me if I have theories?
About the magic trick, Dale.
Oh, not a clue.
That!
It's done with twins.
One Peggy in the piñata, one Peggy in the audience.
Another woman who looks like Peggy, smells like Peggy, feels like... My wife does not have a twin.
You don't know that for sure, and you never will.
They destroyed the proof when they blew up one of the Peggies.
Boom-Hour?
Man, I didn't see nothin', man.
I'm talkin' about that cocktail witch man with the phone number, man.
I'm gonna be able to house him.
Dang, I'm hopin' about ropes and pulleys all over the place, man.
Yeah, that could work.
Peggy is hoisted by a rope, climbs out a heating duct, runs through the parking lot... Not even close.
Mom already told you how the trick was done.
Magic!
I knew it!
Bobby, don't you have some homework to do?
No.
What about Sunday school homework?
Oof.
This beginning of miracles did Jesus in Cana of Galilee and manifested forth his glory and his disciples believed on him.
What do you think?
Well, it seems a little, um...
boring yeah boring but I copied it right out of the Bible oh well I didn't mean boring not boring I mean it's no you're right it stinks because you're not being creative with it okay when I start to teach a history class I don't just read the Declaration of Independence I maybe read it in a funny voice you know um hey hey hey we the people you see what I'm saying
Let's go, Luan.
We're late.
Where are you going?
Out.
Out?
Yes.
Out.
To see the astounding hermera at Africa Pasta.
Luan.
Can I come too?
Bobby, honey, no.
Your father is just going to tell you how all the tricks are done and possibly ruin magic for you forever.
Now, wouldn't you rather stay in your room and do some homework, huh?
Ready?
I'll get my coat.
She's got her legs pulled up to her chest.
So those are fake feet sticking out of the box?
If it's that obvious to you, imagine how I feel.
For my final illusion, I will need a volunteer from the audience.
A beautiful woman.
Okay, Luan, like we practiced.
Yes, please.
In the back.
Yes, please.
In the back.
Yes, please.
I won't really disappear.
I won't really disappear.
I won't really disappear.
Now I step inside the piñata.
No, she's supposed to go in there.
That's not how you do the trick.
Have you figured it out yet?
Um, I think that's my seat.
Peggy!
Peggy, come here quick!
I figured it out!
All right, how's it done?
Get in the box, you'll see.
Why can't you just tell me?
Please, for my next trick, I need a beautiful woman's.
Well, all right.
I have sealed the box.
Okay, now what?
Now you tell me how that trick was done.
What?
You're not getting out till you tell me.
Thank you.
I can wait.
Mom, Dad, we're gonna be late for church.
I'll be right there, honey.
Okay.
All right.
But I only saw one set of footprints because God was holding me.
Peggy, I'm sorry, I didn't... No, shout not.
Speak to me.
Our next report is from Bubby Hill, The Amazing Jesus.
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
I am the Amazing Jesus, Son of God and Master of Prestidigitation.
Wow!
Thank you!
Has this ever happened to you?
Your followers want a glass of wine, but all you have is water?
Well, if you're the amazing Jesus, no problem.
Water into wine, it's a miracle.
John 2.11, thank you.
Now we're gonna need something to go with all this wine.
Maybe some bread?
But how are you gonna feed all these hungry people with just one slice?
No problem if you're the amazing Jesus.
Amen!
Get some miracle, ladies and gentlemen.
Mark 644.
Thank you!
And now, for my next miracle, I'm gonna need a large wooden cross and a couple of volunteers.
No!
What you did was wrong.
You're supposed to love Jesus, not make a mockery of him.
Next bumper sticker I see, you will get up here and you will hunk like the dickens.
I was just trying to make Jesus interesting, like Mom told me.
Our Lord and Savior does not need any help keeping people's interest.
I thought Bobby would make a lamb out of cotton balls.
Now they're going to stick us in that dang newsletter.
I don't want to be in the thoughts and prayers of anyone just because I'm Bobby's dad.
Well, you're the one who dragged him down to Amber Caposta and told him how all the tricks were done.
You just have to take all the mystery out of life, don't you, Hank?
Don't blame me.
You're the one who got them all worked up about magic.
You filled his head with puffy clouds and jolly ranchers.
What did you think was going to happen?
My folks yelled at me the whole way home.
Then they stopped yelling at me and started yelling at each other.
They're still yelling at each other.
It's all my fault.
Sometimes my parents fight, but they have a rule.
Never go to sleep angry.
They always make up before going to their bedrooms.
How do they make up?
They do something nice for each other, like my mom buys my dad a carton of cigarettes, and my dad buys my mom a duffel bag with his frequent smoker points.
Yeah, I'll get my parents to do something nice for each other.
That's even better than my plan of turning them both against Luanne.
Mom, come in here quick.
I've got soup in the microwave.
What?
Dad must have done it.
Isn't that nice of him?
Maybe it's just his way of saying he's sorry.
Oh, hi.
Oh, you sweet, sweet, stubborn, sweet, sweet man.
Apology accepted.
What apology?
I didn't do anything wrong.
Oh, since Dad did something nice for you, maybe you should tell him how the trick was done.
Oh, now I get it.
You thought you'd just slap a few clouds on Bobby's wall and I would give up her at a secret?
Clouds?
Oh lord, they're back!
Right, nice try, but it won't work.
I didn't paint these clouds.
Don't lie to me, Hank.
I'm not, and don't you tell me what to do either.
Look, I wouldn't dream of that, you pig-headed liar.
Joseph, I screwed everything up!
Hey, look what I can do.
My plan completely backfired.
Now they're fighting worse than ever.
Aw man, do you think they're gonna get divorced?
What?!
I don't know.
They could.
But don't worry, lots of people get divorced.
Mr. Docher, you've got divorced.
The boy's 12 years old.
What does he need clouds on the wall for?
And they don't even look like clouds.
They look like... What, Hank?
What do they look like?
Well, like big white blotches of bad painting.
Well, maybe to someone with absolutely no imagination, I see all sorts of things.
Well, if you ask me, you've got too much imagination.
Everything's all loop-de-loops and flippity-jibbit.
I live in the real world, where men sell propane and propane accessories.
What do you do?
I trade in ideas.
I am a substitute teacher and a professional muser.
Yeah, well, ideas don't put food on the table.
Oh, really?
Well, ideas decide how to prepare that food.
And then propane cooks it.
I win.
You don't win?
You can't just... You can't... I can't just what?
You don't just... What?
What?
Where's your imagination now?
Where are those precious ideas when you need them, huh?
You... You are... Oh!
Ow!
What's going on?
You stopped fighting.
That's right.
Everything's just fine now, honey.
But how?
Well, uh, your mother kicked me in the shin.
I kicked her back and, well, that's pretty much it.
That doesn't make any sense.
Well, sure it does.
See, I was mad, your mother was madder, and we sort of, um... Oh, heck, I guess it doesn't make any sense, but I guess it doesn't have to.
There are just some things you can't explain.
That's right.
You're not even trying!
Loosen up, Bobby.
I'll tell you what, why don't you sit with us here and we'll watch the clouds go by.
Okay.
Hey, now see, that one over there looks like a, uh, a propane tank.
Or a gummy bear.
Very good.
Both of you.
Hey, that one looks like a propane tank, too.
And you know what those little ones over there look like?
Propane accessories?
Yes, yes, but which ones?
Uh, spatula?
Well, now you're just guessing, Peggy.
It's a grill brush.
And now, the pinata of death revealed.
As soon as our volunteer gets in the borough, a flap beneath the tail opens.
She steps out and puts on a poncho and sombrero and dances offstage.
The fire.
Just a diversion.
It appears our volunteer has vanished.
Has she?
Hardly.
And that is the secret behind the pinata of death.
Please don't tell my dad.
You are so clueless.
