Mmm, something smells good.
It's the menu.
Ha!
Even the menu smells good at Rattlesnakes.
Hey, Piggy, if I get the chicken fried chicken and you get the chicken fried steak, we can... Just a moment.
There is something that I must take care of.
I just don't know enough not to put a solid sized fork in the spoon bin.
Well that fork didn't just walk along and hop in there by herself, did she now?
No, she couldn't have.
Excuse me, ma'am.
Why are you calling my niece a liar?
Luan knows we have a way of doing things here at Rattle Stakes.
She also knows the consequences of not following that way.
You will not use threats with her.
And you will not tell me how to talk to my supervisees.
And you have just lost yourself a waitress.
She quits.
Well now wait a minute, I won't go fire her.
It's too late for your apologies now, isn't it?
Luan, pick up your clothes and three onion loaves.
We are going home.
You know, I probably wouldn't have lost my rattlesnakes job if you hadn't said anything.
Exactly, but I won't be around forever to do everything for you.
You have to learn to help yourself.
How did it help me to lose my job?
It will leave you open for new opportunities, such as the one that I am about to present to you.
The Learning Annex is offering a class on the Joy of Entrepreneuring.
I signed you up.
It would be really nice if sometimes you could ask me when you make decisions about my life.
You're right.
Would you like to go at seven or at nine?
Seven.
I'm sorry, that won't work for me.
A lot of you think of Tripp Larson as the hog king of Ireland, but he wasn't born with that crown on his head.
He's an entrepreneur, an innovator, and an inventor responsible for edibilizing two new parts of the pig.
Thank you.
Thank you.
My great grandfather started Larson pork products with little more than three pigs and a killing hammer.
Today, I'm proud to say, we kill more pigs than, well, pig hepatitis.
There's no secret to success, really.
You have to have a passion for whatever you do, whether it's processing pigs or sheep, or cattle into food and food products.
What's a food product?
It's like food but cheaper.
Young lady, you had a question?
Yes.
I find that I am too busy succeeding to keep track of all of my ideas, so I keep them in a file.
Well, actually, that's more of a comment than a question.
Well, thank you.
I think so, too.
Well, hello.
How'd you like my lecture?
Did you enjoy it?
I mean, did you enjoy it as much as I enjoyed having you at my lecture?
I really liked the part where you were excited about what you do.
That's what I'm trying to find a career I'm passionate about, like waitressing at a steakhouse.
Uh-huh.
You know, you have that special, I don't know, unspoiled quality and something tells me I think you do pretty darn well in pork.
How'd you like to interview for a position with Larson Pork Products?
Well, I did work with pork chops in my last job.
Well, to be honest, sometimes I dropped a couple.
Well, see, that's the beauty of pork.
It rinses off clean.
Ice cream.
Hey, what are you celebrating?
Trip Larson has scheduled an interview with Luann.
I get to go to his house.
I don't see why he has to see her at his house.
You think he could be interested in something more than an interview?
The pork industry is famously informal.
That's how these things are done.
Uh, Luan, sometimes men aren't interested in what they say they're interested in.
To put it bluntly, they're more interested in something else.
Oh, you mean sex.
No, no, no.
Yes.
I'm here for my interview, Mr. Larson.
I am also here for her interview.
Luan, let's go ballooning.
Peggy, why don't you read my autobiography?
Oh, it's all so beautiful.
You can see from miles.
Yeah, 3.7 miles.
You can see up to around 8 miles if you try this monocular.
It's Austrian.
They make the best monocular.
Something wrong?
It's just that, well, you know so much and I know so little.
I hope that doesn't make you think I'm stupid.
You are not stupid.
You're ignorant.
What?
No, you can't have- It's a compliment.
That just means you haven't had the chance to learn all the wrong things.
Oh.
No one's ever told me that before.
Well, maybe that's because no one has ever realized how ignorant you truly are.
What are you doing?
That is not a proper way to interview!
Whose house are we gonna be TPing this year?
Probably mine again.
So how'd it go?
Mr. Chip Larson is the most wonderful man in the whole world!
Well, he gave you a job, huh?
What position?
Oh, I'm his girlfriend!
Well, I knew this guy was no good, but braiding your hair from the back, your head looks like a horse's ass.
Well, Tripp likes my hair in braids.
He says they make me look smart.
Luanne, honey, it's not that we don't like your hair in braids, which we don't.
It's that we don't like Tripp.
He's old enough to be your father, and he's treating you like a child.
Stop worrying Aunt Peggy.
I'm going to eat my salad after my steak.
Trip says that's the French way.
So I can have my dessert first, then my steak, and then if I have room, my salad.
Salad after steak?
I hate to say this twice in one meal, but horses ass.
Hello.
We were in the neighborhood and thought you might like some of my brown Betty.
We can also discuss my Luanne.
Hey, that's a good idea.
Sounds fun.
How'd you like to watch some football bloopers while I finish my set?
You know, they send us advertisers some stuff that, well, you'll see it nowhere else.
I could take a look.
Hank, remember what we're here for.
But this is private bloopers.
Hey, do you have the snowman who caught fire at the Vikings game?
Do I?
I've got three different snowmen catching fire.
There he goes.
How's it going?
Did Blacka set you up all right?
I would like to talk about Luanne before we have to make a blooper reel out of her life.
Well, we just want to make sure Luanne isn't getting into any trouble.
She is our only niece.
Hank, Luanne is lucky to have somebody like you looking out for her.
Well, you look at that.
Yeah, that's the J5.
It's a little project I've been working on for quite some time now.
In terms of time to processing weight, meat yield, weanability, she's pretty much the perfect pig.
Hmm.
Looks like you could eat it with a spoon.
Just give me five years and you will.
Oh, just like a baby.
Look at her, Peggy.
Remind you of someone when he was little?
Hank, how would you like to ride in a hot air balloon?
Hey, I don't have to tell you it's powered by propane.
Well, that's one of the eight uses of propane I haven't experienced firsthand.
Oh, dear lord.
Piggy, I feel like Neil Armstrong up here.
I can see everybody's gutters, and they look great.
Mrs. Hill, I'm a guy who makes his own rules.
You play by them, everybody wins.
Try to call your own game.
Not so terrific.
Whoa!
Well, let me tell you something.
You might be rich, but all the money in the world cannot buy you the most precious gift of all.
My respect!
The man willfully endangered your life just to make a point, Hank.
Try to see it from his point of view.
He was trying to control the balloon and you kept talking to him.
I was right there.
He was pulling and yanking that cord and trying to jerk you out of there with every last fiber of his being and then some.
Aunt Peggy, Chip believes that no one ever solved anything with the renon sentence.
What?
How dare you?
You do not come into my house and correct my grammar unless your name happens to be Strunk or what, is it?
I'm just trying to help you improve yourself, Aunt Peggy.
Mmm, this'll cook up nice, Hank.
How much did it cost you?
A hundred bucks?
Hank, the man is crazy.
That headless pig is a threat.
No, it's a gift.
from Trip Larson, and it's to you.
I guess somebody owes Trip an apology.
There is a large dead animal on my lawn!
Look, let's be reasonable about this.
I work in propane, so I give away propane.
Trip Larson works with pork, so that's why he gave us this fellow here.
No!
You're bruising the rides!
That's it.
Luanne, I have decided that your boyfriend is crazy.
Now, do you want to break up with him or should I?
Now, just stop it.
Stop telling me what to do.
I am a proud, ignorant woman and no one is going to change that.
Now, that is the stupidest thing I ever heard anyone say.
You wiped your eyes on my tie.
That's okay.
It's an amazing fabric.
Thanks, Tripp.
I feel better.
I'm going to go home now and think of something mean to do to Aunt Peggy, okay?
Lou Ann, you are home.
I took the liberty of having your belongings meat trucked out here.
Forgive me if they smell delicious.
Luan, dear, this will be your room.
It's so beautiful.
Oh, I don't see any of my clothes.
Well, that's because I had them shredded.
Plant mulch.
Gardening tip, synthetics make wonderful ground cover.
I need stuff to wear to dinner.
Not a problem.
But they're all the same.
Nothing is exactly the same.
Everything has a small flaw.
Or imperfection.
Drives me mad.
Trap!
Trap?
Is that you?
Trap?
Are you there?
Back off, girl!
You'll be missing Pappas, lady!
Now you're here!
Are you alright, Dearest?
Why is there a pig in the house?
Oh, don't tell me you're jealous.
I might have grown up poor, but I never knew anyone who cut the pig in the house!
Well, that's because they weren't equipped for it.
The floor in there is Brazilian rosewood, super hard, super high quality stuff.
And I had it finished with four coats of polyurethane.
Not that it needs it.
The J5's clothes are soft.
It's better than slippers.
Shut up!
Go back to bed, honey.
I'll have Blanca bring you up a warm glass of milk, okay?
Okay.
Finish it all.
Oh, good.
You're up.
Your head hasn't been harmed.
It's been improved.
I took the liberty of dying it while you were asleep these last 14 hours.
But why?
I don't want red hair.
You don't like it?
Okay.
Well, we can always shave it off and wait for it to regrow.
No!
Good.
Then it's settled.
Lanka, I'm going all the way downstairs to practice my harp, like Mr. Lashin wanted me to.
It's me.
Except for the teeth.
But that can be taken care of.
Are you trying to turn me into her?
This is the Larson pork products girl my grandfather created 50 years ago.
Her picture graced the walls of my nursery.
Mother never really paid me much attention, but she was always there.
I'm very sorry about your mother and now I'm going home.
Please don't go.
I've spent so many years trying to find you.
Look at her, the Larson pork products woman.
Is this comfortable dining with Kings as she is slaughtering pigs?
I never thought I'd meet someone as perfect as the woman in that picture.
And then I saw you.
At the Learning Annex.
I guess, uh... I'm just so alone here.
I get scared.
I understand.
And I mean to fix all that.
With a big Halloween party to show the world just how happy we are.
Can I dress up as a pirate?
A woman as a pirate?
Well, that's just crazy.
I know just what you wear.
This.
Hey, it's an invitation.
Larson Pork Products and the Dance Theater of Ireland invite you to a Halloween Gala.
Sounds like a blast.
Well, I know Luan doesn't want to see me, but I am a silver-slipper donor to the Dance Theater of Ireland, and those people still owe me an umbrella.
Oh, great.
It's Luanne.
I'll bet she can tell us where the bathroom is.
Is that all you care about?
The bathroom?
What about Luanne?
I can't enjoy a party until I know where the bathroom is.
You knew that when you married me.
Hi, Aunt Peggy.
Uncle Hank.
I'm really glad you could come.
You look nice, Luanne.
I know, Chip told me.
I'm the licensed pork products girl.
You see, Peggy, I could have come as the Strickland propane guy instead of renting this get-up.
Mister is ready for you now.
Oh, this is Blanca.
She's my best friend here.
Chip!
Chip?
I'm here, dearest.
Huh?
Luan, you've never looked more beautiful.
And I've never felt more alive.
I never thought this day would come when I would have everything I've ever wanted within my grasp.
Is that an engagement ring?
Wait, Luan, I want everything to be perfect.
Luan, will you do me the great honor of marrying him?
Him?
Javier, the time has come.
That's the man in the ad!
Life is a series of compromises.
Chip, I'm kind of confused.
What is happening here?
Don't you see?
We can have it all.
We can be the family in the picture.
You, him, and me.
Where did the land go that's for me to know and you to find out and me to find out too because I don't know
Luan, wait!
I can explain everything!
No!
Yes, sick!
I'm calling the police!
Luan, you're not thinking clearly.
I'm here, Luanne!
I'll take care of everything!
This is perfect!
Now we can become more support products together!
Well, trust me, this is for the best.
We agreed that I would do the thing for both of us.
I never agreed to be a life-in-port product!
Well, I thought you loved me!
No!
Trap!
Move the left, believer!
Now!
Let me do it!
Mama.
Papa.
I'm coming home.
Oh my god.
I can suddenly think clearly.
The voices have left my head.
What am I doing out there?
Uh oh.
At least Tripp seemed happy.
And now he's in a better place.
Honey, Tripp had a mental breakdown and is now a sausage.
That's not a better place.
But you handled the situation very well.
I did, didn't I?
You saved yourself by thinking for yourself.
I did, didn't I?
You are your own woman.
I am.
I am!
So really, it's a happy ending.
SHWANGIN'!
