The so-called father of our country, George Washington, felt shaking hands was beneath the president, so he would, uh, bow.
Now let's move on to the war of 1812.
Dolly Madison served the first bowl of ice cream in the White House.
True story.
What are you doing?
You really shouldn't let your hair get so knotted.
Unless you wanted to fall out.
If you wanted it to fall out, I'm sorry for fixing it.
No, you can fix it.
Wow, you're a really good hairdresser.
Thank you.
I used to want to be one.
Ms.
Platter, you in my class to learn history or do hair?
Hair.
The mashed potatoes aren't as buttery as usual, Mom.
Did we go poor?
I learned something really important at college today.
I don't want to be there.
What?
Yeah, I quit.
I'm going to do hair.
Well, you can't do that.
There are bigger things in life than hair.
You have to stay in college and develop your mind.
Well, I don't know, Peggy.
She's been at that college for two and a half years, and it's a two-year college.
Seems like they had a whack at her and nothing took.
It's true.
Nothing dead.
You know, cutting hair might be good for.
My barber, Jack, always says, hair grows even during a recession.
Well, that might be true for licensed barbers.
But may I remind you both that Luanne Platter, hair stylist, failed her cosmetology test.
Luanne Platter, history student, would have known that.
Maybe Luanne Platter dinner guest could send the butter this way.
Buck Strickland never went to college and he runs four businesses and never writes anything down.
Yeah, college wasn't for me.
They made that very clear.
Everyone's always talking about college, but have any of you ever actually seen one?
Maybe Luan should do what I did and join the army.
No, that won't work.
Luan thinks the army is mean.
She just wants to cut hair, but she flunked out of beauty school and never got licensed.
Well, if all she needs is to pass her test, I can help her with that.
I had to pass it to become an army barber.
All right, Bill.
Just don't scream orders at her, though.
She cries.
Lou Anne, I can tell you're nervous.
If there's one thing I've learned in my 20 years of barbering, it's this.
It will grow back.
If you did a great job or a bad job, it will grow back.
Gosh, you sure know a lot about cutting hair.
Yeah, well, I've been around a bit.
And I remember when I was your age, life was so full of possibilities.
Bruce Jenner's hair had fired the imagination of a nation.
Oh, Lord.
Glory days.
Mr. Dothrieve, after I pass my state board exam, maybe I can live the dreams that you're too old to live.
You can.
It will grow back.
Look at her getting ready for a career next thing.
She'll be complaining about how high her taxes are Hmm Luanne honey getting certified as a stylist was the easy part now You have to prepare yourself for the constant rejection of the job hunt.
You're a stylist I'm Colette Davis.
I own hotties That's right the one with the Z
You brought the messy ponies to the Arlen!
And then two weeks later, you trashed it as uncool!
Guilty.
You know, I think you have the hotties vibe.
And I know vibe.
The Arlen advocate says I invented it.
Chair rental is $1,400.
Oh, and FYI.
Vibe, vibe.
No vibe.
Hmm.
Crazy vibe.
Wow.
You were wrong Aunt Peggy.
Finding a job was easy.
Oh yeah?
What about the chair rental?
How are you gonna pay for that?
I can give you some money in the land.
I was just gonna use it on, well, you know, the internet.
Well, I couldn't take your money, Mr. Darchave.
But maybe we could share the chair.
I'm just an old army barber, Lou Ann.
I packed that life away with my dolphin shorts.
Mr. Doe Chief, if you don't take a chance, you'll end up miserable like Mr. Doe Chief.
I mean, it's just someone else.
Look out, hotties!
Here I come!
We're hotties!
Woo!
Oh, for God's sake, Hank.
She'll be fine.
Scrunchies forever, everyone!
It's gonna be so cool when we get to Hottie's and they say, do you have an appointment?
And we say, no, we work here.
And they say, no you don't.
And we say, no, we do.
And then we make up and give them a great haircut.
Last night I dreamed about hair, but it was a good dream this time.
Not the one where it forms a noose and hangs me.
Stop it!
I'm so excited!
Hi!
I cut hair too!
Isn't it so much fun?
Use a new cutter.
We both are.
We're cutters.
We're cutters.
Whatever.
Here are your uniforms.
I'm never going to take this off.
I don't know if I could.
Shh.
Your hair is trying to tell me all the nasty things it wants me to do to it.
That's Rico.
He's flaming hot and flaming gay.
He's vibe squared.
Hey, why is your client wearing a hottie's t-shirt?
Oh, Mr. Dothrieve, he's not my client.
I couldn't afford the chair on my own, so we're sharing it.
He taught me everything I know.
Oh, oh, no, no, this is not gonna work.
Goodbye.
But we already paid a week's rent.
And I dropped out of school for this.
Fine.
You can stay the week, but your last chair.
Audrey, congrats.
Grab your ferret and your Jane magazines, your chair for.
Ah.
Rico, I have closing arguments in an hour, and I need to look jury-friendly.
Sorry, sweetie.
I'm all booked up.
If you're real desperate, you might try the new carers in the back.
I'm in a rush and I need to look.
Oh my gosh, you are my first ever client.
Now don't be nervous.
If I screw up, it'll grow back.
Let's get you damn food.
Mr. Doetrieve got kicked right in his... Well, I didn't see where her foot went, but she said, Bozai!
That's the real world for you.
Mr. Doetrieve getting kicked in the groin.
Don't you wish you'd stayed in college.
Luanne, I'll give you a little tip.
If you want to succeed, identify the most successful person at work and do what they do.
We'll do it!
Hello luscious.
What kind of love are we making with your hair today?
Rico is so successful.
We have to do what he does.
Did one of your breeders take my flat brush?
Rico, I heard you with your flyer.
You're very sexy.
Yes, I know.
People want to leave here feeling hot and sexy.
And if you can't give it to them, you may as well be bobbering down the jacks.
Please stand away from the mirror.
I like to watch myself while I cut.
He does have vibe.
How would you like your hair cut today?
Dear Lord, I don't want to go back to college, so please help me be sexy.
Amen.
Your hair is so sexy.
It reminds me of... sex.
Sorry I'm late, everybody.
My Pilates class ran long.
I'm here for Rico.
Well, be dope and help you now.
Psst.
Are you homosexual?
I'm just trying to act more like Rico.
me too if I accidentally start acting not sexy give me a sign go like this okay and give me this time if I start acting not gay you say so with a capital s capital isle
My boyfriend's taking me to Lake Arlen for dinner and dancing and then... Tell me about your boyfriend.
Is he cute?
Does he have muscular thighs?
Thieving slut.
I bet he's the one who stole my yo play from the fridge.
To Luan and Bido, the hottest haircutting team is down!
Okay girls, the next round's on me.
I can't cut hair without a hangover.
I could go for a beer.
Or a pink squirrel.
Yeah, I like my drinks the same as my men.
Strong and sweet and under an umbrella.
Hey, we got some hotties in the bar from hotties tonight.
This one's for them.
Come on, Bido.
Back that thing up.
Show me the dance that got you kicked off Fire Island, honey.
Try and stop me.
Oh, boy.
If I weren't so dang gay.
Oh, Bido, I know it must be hard for you in a town like this.
No 24-hour gyms or TGI Fridays.
Hey, I think that guy's checking you out.
My first $10 tip, thank you!
Okay, now meow like a kitty.
Meow?
Bido will not back.
I am gay.
Luan, Bido, I am moving you to second chair.
Congrats!
Second chair?
That's almost as good as first chair.
Hello.
Which hair gel do you suggest for my hair time?
Virgin or dirty girl?
Bobby, truck.
Uncle Hank, this is so great.
I'm succeeding in the real world.
One updo at a time.
Well, that's good to hear, I guess.
I figured I'd come to support you.
You want a haircut?
Uh, no.
I just came to support you.
Good job.
Bill?
Hank?
Bill?
Hey, Hank!
I can't talk now.
A little busy.
See you at home.
What happened to you?
But you mean last night?
You don't own me?
Does your wife know you're here?
No, I'm on my lunch break.
I can't keep living like this, Hank.
You've got a wife and a family at home, and I've got nothing.
I just don't understand why everybody is going to that nut house hotties instead of here.
Are you sure your pole is working?
Hotties is the future, Hank.
Who wants a haircut from Jack when some pretty girl with all her teeth can do it?
Yeah, but they're going to Bill, too, and he's acting like- Hold your head still, unless you want me to cut that ear off.
Pirate.
Gondola operator.
Waiter!
Pirate waiter!
He's supposed to be gay, Dale.
Really?
I don't see it.
I don't know why people are always saying how hard it is to be gay.
It's wonderful, really.
You're not gay.
They don't know that.
Women who are normally repulsed by me are letting me brush their hair, massage their shoulders, compliment their bottoms.
Hank, you know who else went to college?
That... Hey, Peggy.
Let's go invite your hair to that party the rest of you is throwing.
Oh, Bill.
Oh, it's Bill.
Check me out in first chair at Hottie's.
I wanted to invite you guys to a party tonight.
Rumor is the chick they kicked off American Idol is going to be cage dancing.
He's not dancing in the cage.
Bido, Scott dumped me, and I need him to see what he's missing.
Oh, honey, I swear on a stack of gladiators, I will take care of you.
Hey, first chair.
I don't want to get hair on my glass.
Did you say something?
I saw your bosom move like you said something.
Cut Mistress said you got dumped by your guy too.
I know.
I do astrology and I can tell where kindred souls be though.
We're too much for our men.
Your aura is so warm.
It's a shame you're gay.
I'm not gay.
No, I'm not gay.
We can be together.
You and me are kindred souls.
You're not gay?
100% in the ladies.
Who wants to hug?
I do.
Ew, you're disgusting.
I shared a soda with him.
I let him swim in my pool.
It's all right.
A real gay man's here.
When I take you back, I am gay.
Oh, you are?
When you were gay, you were intriguing with an artistic bent, but now that you're straight, you're just a sleazy barber.
Pack up and go back to that beer commercial that you came from.
But we're first chair.
Luanne, honey, you're fabulous.
I mean, you've got great abs and vibe to spare.
I mean, if it was just you, I would hire you back in a second.
But since you and that are a team, I gotta let both of you go.
But I belong here.
I already failed out of college.
I cannot fail out of the real world.
There are no other worlds for me to go to.
We'll be alright, Luann.
Mr. Docheyve.
Wow, this is really tough.
You're fired.
No, but we're a team.
Sorry, Bido.
If that is your real name, the shirt stays here.
Why can't I be gay?
I had it all!
Women, money, fancy clothes!
Bill, I don't think you were right for that salon.
Everyone said the same thing only meaner.
Right after I bought $700 worth of shoes.
Well, didn't Lou Anne stand up for you?
No.
She threw my cottage cheese from the mini-fridge in the street.
What?
That is not right.
So, uh, are you ever gonna put on a shirt?
So you used Bill up and you cast him aside.
Do you have any idea how hurtful that is every time it happens to him?
I was just doing what you told me and following the most successful person.
Now that's Bricko.
And he said, sexy talks, bald and straight walks.
I never told you to turn on your friends.
Maybe your Aunt Peggy was right.
You need to go back to college and take some courses and be in a decent person.
Cut, Mistress.
Could you stop spinning for a second?
Mr. Dothrieve is a great hairstylist.
Don't you see?
Mr. Dothrieve can't help that he's straight.
It's just the way he was born.
It's in his DNAs.
Now, hair does not know gay from straight.
It just wants to be loved.
Shouldn't we all be more like hair?
I know I wish I had been more like hair to my friend, Mr. Dothrieve.
Very touching.
You're both fired.
It's great to stop pretending I'm someone else so I can go back to pretending I'm me again.
I'm just gonna really miss cutting hair.
It was so great to be able to moonlight and have an outlet for my creative Jones.
Jack must be the luckiest man in the world.
He's doing what he loves and doesn't have to worry about anything but hair.
I'm gonna torch this place.
Well, maybe I can help you all out.
Hey there, Hank.
Want another haircut?
You can pay me in food.
I'll shave you for a sandwich.
What if I gave you something better?
My niece Luanne here is a great haircutter, and you'd be lucky to have her services.
Aren't you the first chair from Hottie's?
I was.
We were.
Uh, Mr. Douchey been me.
All right.
I stole Hottie's first chair away.
And so the scales begin to tip for Jack.
Maybe I'll start paying back the muscular dystrophy jar.
You and Bill really turned things around in here, Luanne.
Why don't you save the money you're making now and move back in with us?
You mean it?
You don't think I need to go back to college?
No, I think you're right where you should be.
My God, you made me look hot, huh?
And if you're deadass, just tell him it will grow back.
Pirate waiter pirate waiter
