Previously on King of the Hill.
You are in public with this little bimbo.
I need you to protect me from Miss Liz.
Well, you are having an affair with her husband.
I was having an affair with my boss.
You're my boss now.
I'm not gonna let Peggy find out about any of this.
You know what?
Debbie is history.
Oh my god, Debbie.
I've got a stopper.
Debbie!
Somebody shot Debbie!
How long does it take Debbie to throw in a load of laundry?
I really need to talk to her.
She should be right up.
Debbie said you were gonna... Hey!
No, we were not.
It was a trick.
Is $300 too much for a Hot Wheels VW Purple Evil Weevil?
Yeah, I could use one too.
Damn!
eBay auction closed!
I lost my Weevil!
Oh, dang it.
Can I get a light off yours?
Huh, that's a funny-looking cigarette.
You roll it yourself?
Yeah!
You got a weak flame on this thing.
Isn't one of them closed cigarettes, is it?
Nah, man.
That's the chronic from Mexico.
Nah, damn NAFTA.
It's clearly an inferior tobacco.
So is your wife party, too?
Party?
Uh, we throw a party for 4th of July in Labor Day.
Nah, I mean party.
You know, get high, get stoned.
Da-ha!
105.72.
That barbecue smells yummy, Ms.
Hill.
Now, you heard the gunshot at 645, was it?
That is correct, Sheriff.
And you discovered the body at 647?
Most of it, yes.
So let me get this straight.
Debbie was Mr. Strickland's mistress.
And her murdered body was found at the same place where Mr. Strickland and his wife just got done reconciling their differences.
Uh-huh, my husband Hank set that up.
Well, the reconciliation, not the murder.
Check you out.
What are you doing?
I am inducing vomiting.
Dude, you only had one hit.
I don't know my eyes are turning bloodshot.
I'm going on a trip.
I look like I'm doped out of my gourd.
Too high to drive!
Gotta sleep this off.
Bandits at 10, 12-gauge under the body.
Ms.
Liz.
I think I got my first suspect.
I could sit night up to Dallas and have my boys rented for Prince.
Oh, who in the hell called in the Texas Rangers?
Mrs. Peggy Hill, restaurateur.
I love your show!
I love that walker!
How long was I sleeping?
Why?
Why am I running?
Oh, God, I'm talking to myself.
That's a side effect of the marijuana poisoning.
Dad!
Dad!
The police are looking for you!
Oh, no, Debbie's hippie roommate turned me in for smoking narcotics.
Hey!
Debbie's dead?
Well, I was just in her... I mean, I just talked to her at work.
Oh, it was awful.
I saw her lying there, and oh, Hank...
Honey, you rake.
Oh, uh, yeah, too much time near the propane tanks today.
Mr. Hill, I'm Lester Payton with the Texas Rangers.
Uh, nice to meet you.
Mind if I cut in, Payton?
This is my dance.
Now, Mr. Hill, I have some questions.
Uh, I'm sorry.
I lost a close friend in a valued tank wipe today.
I gotta go home right now.
Peggy, you'll need to drive.
I'm in mourning.
That corner in Hamlet County will get to the bottom of this.
He's a good man.
He did the autopsies on two of my gun club buddies last year.
You, uh, you don't think the police will want to run a drug test on Debbie's co-workers, do you?
Now that you mention it, I am positive they will.
They'll drug test everyone in Ireland.
Price for a bag of clean urine will double.
What do you think will happen to the price of poopoo?
Unchanged.
Debbie bought those flowers just before she died.
Tension, everybody.
Now that there's no one left at work for my husband to diddle, I've allowed him to return.
Buck Strickland.
Ah, thank you.
Now, I ain't a stupid man.
I heard the rumors.
I know that I got some fingers appointin' at me.
But I'm givin' y'all the Buck Strickland guarantee that I didn't kill that pretty girl.
I wanna catch a murderer more than anything.
So, if any of you have information for the police, why don't you just come see me first so we can discuss the best way of handling that.
Back to work, old top.
All right, Lady Bird.
I washed this shirt a dozen times.
What do you think, girl?
Can you still smell the Mary Jane?
Oh, no.
Uncle Hank!
Sheriff Manfred is here.
Afternoon, Hank.
What you cooking?
Uh, nothing.
Well, my eyesight ain't what it used to be, but ain't that some kind of smoke coming out of there?
Um, that's the burgers.
Strange smelling burgers.
What kind of herbs you putting in there?
Herbs?
Oh God, that's street talk from marijuana.
You know, Hank, I spent the day gathering evidence over it to castle in the singles apartments.
And well, I just thought you might want to know you are now a suspect.
Oh, no!
In the murder of Debbie Grund.
Oh.
Oh, that.
Oh, God!
Now, this goes without saying, Peggy, but you know I'm not guilty.
Of course I know you didn't kill anyone.
But you know what I do not understand?
The sheriff said that you had a motive and it concerned your relationship with Ms.
Liz.
He kept using that phrase, relationship with Ms.
Liz.
Relationship with Ms.
Liz.
Uh, well, he may be referring to this time I, uh, went out to a fraudulent propane emergency at Mrs. Strickland's and, uh, well, she was in a kimono and, uh, she wanted me to, uh, service her, uh, accessories, uh, not the propane.
Okie dokie, well now, that makes some sense.
Mrs. Strickland was coming onto you, so you killed Debbie, Buck goes back to Ms.
Liz, and Ms.
Liz stops bothering you.
Have you been reading those rabbi mysteries again?
They do hold up.
Now, if I may be an advocate of the devil here, let's combine your motive with the fact that you have no alibi for 6.45pm.
Oh, and the sheriff called earlier.
He said that they found your Strickland name patch in the bushes behind Peggy's sugar foots.
What?
I don't remember losing my hank patch.
Well, you didn't lose it.
He said it'd been torn off, as if in a struggle.
Marvel.
So I was wondering if kids who are hopped up on drugs could do things they wouldn't remember when they, you know, hopped back down.
Absolutely, Mr. Jones.
So my son, who will be attending Arlen High in a couple of years, God willing, he could get baked and leave his name tag in some bushes somewhere and then not remember.
Yeah, yeah, we call that blacking out.
Heck, I was in prison with a guy who was doing life for a murder.
He didn't even remember committing, okay?
So someone could take dope blackout in a field and kill a co-worker?
Co-worker, cab driver, prostitute.
It doesn't matter who.
This is about what Debbie Wade.
Does this seem familiar?
Maybe.
Evening, Hank.
What you busyin' yourself with there?
Uh, just throwing out some expired sand.
Garbage cans at home are full.
Whatever, we need to talk.
Let's take a ride, your truck.
Uh, where to, sir?
To Quarry.
It's deserted this time of night.
Nobody will bother us.
Mr. Strickland, sir, I want you to know that I don't think I killed Debbie.
You're cared for that gal, hey?
So if you've taken me out here to kill me in retribution, I believe that would be premature.
I know you fooled around with Debbie, old top.
No, not true.
I rebut.
But you were angry at her.
Yes.
Louder.
Yes, I was angry.
Debbie threatened to tell my wife that we had sexual relations.
Okay, Hank.
I got all I need.
12-gauge shell?
Oh my god.
I want you to promise me you won't ever do drugs, Bobby.
I promise.
A promise means nothing when a junkie tricks you into smoking a joint when you think it's a cigarette, which you shouldn't smoke either.
Now promise me.
Promise me, Bobby.
Okay, okay, I promise.
Promises mean nothing.
Look, Dad, I'm not going to use drugs because drugs are for losers.
And I'd never want to disappoint you.
Plus, I want to be the first chubby comic to live past 35.
afternoon hank oh hi sheriff uh any leads on the uh murderer that don't point in my direction miss hill could you excuse us a moment i'd like to tell your husband a dirty joke sheriff if this is about the investigation i assure you you can speak freely my husband and i have no secrets between us cigarette
No, we do not smoke.
That's smart.
Filthy head.
Say, could I trouble you for a light?
Uh, I could look in the house.
Oh, never mind.
I got this here silver lighter.
Found it in Debbie's apartment.
Got the initials H-R-H on it.
Say, now, what's your middle name?
Rutherford.
Right.
H-R-H.
So unless his royal highness, the Prince of Wales, stopped by Sunday night for a smoke.
Oh, okay.
The lighter's mine.
It was a gift from Mrs. Elizabeth Strickland.
I know all about Ms.
Liz.
As I said, I know everything about my husband.
So you know about your husband's relationship with Debbie?
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
What relationship?
I had no relationship with Debbie.
Sheriff?
Uh-huh.
if I may.
Well, I'm sure you folks have plenty to talk about.
Y'all have a nice day.
I didn't sleep with Debbie.
I don't know how my lighter got into her apartment, and I already told you about being in the bathtub with a naked Ms.
Liz.
Did you see her breasts?
Hey!
Charlie Manson!
Can I get your autograph on this sugarfoot napkin I pull out of dumpster?
If you murder her, I auctioned it on eBay for Big Box!
eBay?
Wait a minute.
Damn!
eBay auction closed!
I lost my Weevil!
Con, you may have just made my autograph worthless.
The auction for that purple weeble wobbler, what time did it close?
6.58 PM.
Oh, you wanna go in a chat room with Gene Roddenberry's wife?
Listen to me, Debbie was killed at 6.45.
I didn't inhale until 7 at the earliest.
I couldn't have blacked out and killed her, she was already dead.
Yeah dude, you were here smoking pot with me.
You tell her to the cops, I'll back you up.
Leaving to get in and get out so soon, Peyton?
I'm sure there's some candy bars you haven't questioned.
You better take them three musketeers into separate rooms.
Maybe one of them will crack.
That's a good one, Sheriff.
How'd he ever let you get away?
Do I smell Peggy Hill's old-fashioned buttermilk griddle cakes?
Sheriff, now I'm sure you did not come all this way just to smell Peggy Hill's old-fashioned buttermilk griddle cakes.
Guilty.
Speaking of which, Mr. Hill, Debbie's roommate Gales got an interesting alibi for the night of the murder.
Says he was with you, sparking up a J. In English, please.
Lighting up a J. Getting high?
He said that?
Well, now you have a second crime to investigate, Sheriff.
The attempted assassination of my husband's character.
How dare you?
My dad would never use drugs.
I said good day, Sheriff.
Mr. Hill?
Uh, the boy's right.
I would never smoke pot.
Yeah, yeah, you're a square as a block of wood.
But this gale fella, he's from up north.
Haired down to his butt crack and a layer of filth that just don't wash off.
Now that I've talked to you, I know that he's just a liar who's got no alibi.
They're arresting the murderer on T-Bay!
It's a woman!
Who is it?
That's not a woman, that's Debbie's roommate.
Uh-uh, and I'm a scowl.
I've never had a homicide go unsolved in Hamlet County, and my record stands intact.
Two for two.
But Gale couldn't have done it.
He was... He was what, Dad?
Uh, nothing.
Come on.
Show Peggy's sugar-foot's in the background.
Show Peggy's sugar-foot's in the background.
Show Peggy's sugar-foot, yes!
You know, I'm not so sure this Gale is it?
I'm just not so sure he's the right guy who did the murder.
Well, now you're just talking crazy, Hank.
The sheriff arrested him.
That means he's guilty.
Bill's right.
I should know.
I've served on four juries and we did our job four convictions.
It is not your job as a juror to just convict.
There's two.
I just want to say thanks to Buck Strickland for throwing this case-clothed dinner.
The party's also a send-off to our good friend Texas Ranger Peyton, who was unable to solve the crime.
I hope Gail doesn't get off on some pothead technicality.
Right, Dad?
Well, those technicalities have a name, Bobby.
They're called the Bill of Rights.
Oh, he's got a right.
He's got a right arm for them to stick the needle in.
All right.
All right.
That's enough.
Gail did not kill Debbie.
That's right.
He's innocent.
And I know that because at the time of the murder, Gail was with me.
We were in Debbie's apartment.
And, like he said, we were smoking pot.
Who are you, Hank Hill?
Now, it was an accident.
I didn't know it was pot, and God knows I didn't enjoy it.
But the fact remains, Sheriff, you have the wrong man in your jail.
Then it was Buck.
Now, it wasn't me.
It was Hank.
Didn't you get the tape?
What about that Hank name tag of putting the bushes?
It wasn't Hank.
It was you.
No, it wasn't.
Then it was Ms.
Liz.
No, it wasn't.
Alright, fine it with me.
I'm your man, Sheriff!
You got the right to remain silent.
If you people are just about finished, I'll tell you who killed Debbie.
Debbie's phone records show she called Mr. Hank Hill a short while before her death, which means she was home at 6pm.
Now, what would she have seen if she looked out her window at 6pm?
Hmm?
Normally, she'd see Sheriff Mumford stuffing some Sugarfoot's ribs into his face.
But on this night, she saw Mr. Buck and Ms.
Liz Strickland entering the restaurant.
Which, according to the Sugarfoot's reservations book, occurred at... 603, Mr. and 604, Mrs. Seeing Buck and Ms.
Liz back together must have thrown that pretty little tank wipe into a jealous rage.
So when she went down to Sugarfoot's... Peggy's Sugarfoot's.
At the time, it was.
Yeah.
The point is, she went there to kill Buck Strickland with the 12-gauge shotgun he had stashed in her apartment.
So she climbed into the dumpster next to his Cadillac to lie in wait.
Now, sitting in a dumpster full of half-eaten barbecue can make you hungry.
And sure enough, Debbie went across the street to the get-in-get-out.
According to the store's security videotape and a written deposition from a Mr. Freddy Hakime, she purchased a big gulp and a 99-cent nacho plate.
By buying them together, she saved 23 cents.
My God!
That is one heck of a deal!
When Debbie returned to the dumpster, she saw Mr. Strickland's car and assumed he was still there.
What she didn't know was that the Stricklands had already left together in Mrs. Strickland's car, having reconciled physically in a storeroom.
and again in the meat locker and once more in the slop sink.
She had difficulty juggling the three items as she attempted to negotiate her way back into the dumpster.
She put the gun in first.
She wouldn't let go of that junk food and that was the source of her demise.
For as Debbie climbed into that dumpster her foot accidentally tripped the hammer on the gun.
So, Debbie Grunt's killer was Debbie Grunt.
Oh, Buck, I am so relieved.
Well, I thought it was you.
Yeah, and I would have too, Miss Liz.
I'd have done it for you, of course.
I thought you did it.
That's why I planted the shotgun shell in Hank's truck.
You planted evidence for me?
Yeah.
Oh, it's sugar for you.
Oh, sweetie.
Oh, I'm sorry about that whole frame up there, Tano.
I was under a lot of stress.
Yeah.
Yeah, OK.
I guess if my mistress had been murdered and my wife were a suspect, yeah.
Well, I guess I'll let you down, son, doing drugs like that when I've always told you not to.
You know, if I did something like this, you'd punish me.
Maybe I should be able to punish you.
Well, okay, son.
What's my punishment?
Am I grounded?
That's too easy.
You cannot mow the lawn for one week.
Oh, come on, son.
It was an accident.
You want to go for two?
Stay Sheriff!
