I'm starting to worry.
Mr. Strickland's been in his office with the door shut for more than an hour.
Maybe he's passed out drunk on his mini-toilet.
Maybe he's stone cold dead.
Dang it.
I'm going in.
Take the defibrillator, honey.
People, I've been on the horn with the National Propane Gas Consortium.
Y'all are looking at the newest inductee into the Propane Hall of Flame.
Oh my lord sir, that's the highest achievement possible in propane.
I'm at the top of the mountain all right, and you're my... what do you call them goat men to keep you from freezing to death?
Yori Sherpa, honey.
That's right!
And to show my appreciation, I want you to introduce me at the induction ceremony at the National Convention next week in Memphis.
This is the greatest honor I will ever know.
Let's celebrate!
Who wants breakfast, whiskey?
Woo-hoo!
Tell me about the sport coat again, Dad.
The Hall of Flame honoree gets to wear a special blazer at the induction ceremony.
It's graduated in color like a flame itself.
Bright blue at the bottom, then bright red, then bright orange, then bright yellow, and then bright white at the shoulders and collar.
Do you get to wear one, too?
No, son.
Standing next to Buck Strickland in his moment of glory is probably as close as I'll ever get to wearing the rainbow blazer.
The rainbow blazer.
I don't know, Peggy.
This is the greatest moment in Strickland's propane history, but what if Buck blows it?
What if he gives in to his appetites?
Do not worry, Hank.
You have kept him out of trouble for 23 years.
If anyone can shield Buck Strickland from booze and women at a convention in a good time town, it's you.
But if you need me for backup, I am an expert fun blocker.
Yeah, between the two of us, we can handle Buck.
I can't believe I'm really here.
This is my Super Bowl, Peggy.
Mr. and Mrs. Hill?
I'm Melanie Scovall.
I'll be your conventional liaison.
Now where's the man of honor, Mr. Strickland?
I've lost visual contact.
Red alert, Peggy.
I'll check the bar.
Oh, there he is.
Stand at attention, man.
Hall of Flame are coming through.
The years have been good to you, John.
You were more distinguished kind of ugly.
Peggy, I think I was worried about Buck for nothing.
It's past noon, he's not drunk, and he's got people eating out of his hand.
This right here is Hall of Flame Buck Strickland.
Honey, you are doing fine without me.
I have a lady's prayer breakfast to attend.
Oh shoot, I requested a booth next to the man's room.
This can't be right.
Good Lord, sir, there are two Strickland propanes.
Strickland Propane, Arlen, Texas, and Strickland Propane, Gatlinburg, Tennessee.
Thank y'all for visiting Strickland Propane.
Don't taste the hate, taste the meat.
Dang it!
What in the Sam hell is going on here?
You're using my name and about 90% of my slogan.
Are you the great buck, Strickland?
None other.
Who are you?
Sir, I waited all my life to meet you.
I'm your bastard son.
Well, happy dogs.
I guess here's my son.
Uh, Ray?
Uh, Roy?
Uh, Ray Roy?
My name's Jody, but you can call me whatever you want.
The important part of my name is Strickland.
Well, Ray Roy, what do you say to your old man buying you a drink?
Just one, six.
I'm ready to drink you, bro!
But sir, uh, we've got to set up our booth.
Cover for me.
Joe, what's the bastard like?
Well, the apple didn't fall far from Mr. Strickland's tree, I tell you what.
They hadn't been together two minutes when they went off drinking.
I'm afraid I might have to keep them apart for the good of Buck and Strickland propane.
Hmm.
You want to keep Buck Strickland away from his own son.
Admitted, Hank, you're jealous.
You just want to be the bastard son Buck Strickland never had, but apparently did.
Why would I want to be Buck's son when I'm his assistant manager?
Translation?
Love me daddy!
Oh, thank goodness you're back.
I was getting worried.
There's my body spray.
Come on, Pop.
Let's get back in the funk.
You got it, Tucky.
Wait, wait, sir.
Where are you going?
Oh, we're going to, uh, something what's the bad part of Memphis called?
Memphis.
Yeah, that's where we headed.
But, sir, people are coming here to see you.
Mr. Strickland, we've got a reception in the crystal room at 3 p.m.
where you'll be the guest of honor.
You hear that, sir?
Three o'clock.
He'll be there.
Well, looky, looky, there goes the toky.
Sorry, Papa got dibs on that one.
Stand in line, squirt.
Whatever you say, Pop.
Let's smack this town's bottom!
Woo-hoo-hoo!
Sir, we're in the middle of important... This your first lady's prayer breakfast?
Yes, it is.
I'll let you in on a little secret.
The object here isn't to get close to the Lord.
It's to get close to the Platinum Circle.
Ah, yes.
The first ladies of Propane.
True Wigant, Wendy Fortner, Jane Anne Keikendall, and... Wait.
Where's BB Wren?
Oh, she's not a wife now.
She's an owner.
Ever since her husband buddy dropped dead at the carving station at the Brown Count.
So the Platinum Circle has an opening.
Hmm.
Buck Strickland to no show?
No problem.
Meet friends of Buck Strickland.
I'm sorry Buck's not here, Ms.
Scovall.
He was at a Q&A session and wouldn't you know he got more cues than he bargained for.
I'll see that he shows up from now on.
Your boss should take conventions more seriously.
The United States Constitution was written at a convention.
This is Mr. Strickland's hall of flame jacket.
I'm entrusting you with it until the ceremony tomorrow night.
Do not make me regret it.
The rainbow blazer.
I am Piggy Hill.
My husband, Hank, is introducing the newest Hall of Flame inductee, Buck Strickland.
I'm supposed to be impressed.
My husband, Pollard, is the president of the National Propane Gas Consortium.
Okay, I am bested, but not rattled.
Peggy, you had the guts to sit there.
You can stay till your luck runs out.
Deal me in.
Shirley Temple, meet Mr. Roy Rogers.
Look at that fool, looking all around like a stupid squirrel.
That's my dad.
Buck, Buck, you didn't show up for your meet-and-greet.
Yeah, I was meet-and-greeting a few cocktail waitresses.
Look, I know you want to spend time with your son, the cats and the cradle and whatnot, but the prestige of the Hall of Flame comes with certain obligations.
Come on, Daddy, we got us a lady sandwich.
Well, huh, got a ski battle.
Buck and Ray Roy are getting out of control.
Peggy, they mooned Elvis' grave and his poor little dead twin brother, Jesse.
Well, you'd better figure out a way to handle those two.
While not impossible, you cannot count on one of them to choke on his own vomit.
Mr. Strickland, we need to talk.
Oh, for crying out loud.
It's two o'clock in the afternoon.
Yes, in six hours you're supposed to be inducted into the Propane Hall of Flame, and I'm not sure you're gonna make it.
I'm not sure you should.
Dang it, I'm trying, Hank, but I got to make it up to my boy for neglecting him all these years.
He got into propane because of me.
So did I, sir.
I am violating all kinds of protocol here, but I want you to try on this jacket.
Ma'am.
That feels nice.
If you want to wear the jacket, you gotta live the jacket.
All right, old top.
I'll straighten up.
Woo-hoo!
God!
Oh, great, Rowie!
I hope you got two girls in there.
What the?
I told you to stand in line.
You didn't stand in line, boy.
Hell, daddy, that line was moving too slow.
I just had to do ketsies.
Cut white, you son of a... Oh, no.
I have had enough.
Oh, heck, we were just letting off a little steam.
I have tried with all my might to save you from yourself, Mr. Strickland.
Well, not anymore.
You're on your own.
You should be ashamed of yourselves.
And that includes you, Ms.
Scovall.
You have not honored propane.
He's right.
I should be ashamed of myself.
But I never am.
Hey, Hank!
Long Island iced tea?
I can't believe those words came out of your mouth.
Or did you point to the menu?
How did it go down?
Keep an eye on your friend.
He's tore up pretty bad.
Usually it's a woman involved, but apparently a couple of dudes named Strickland did it to him.
I don't ever want to hear the name Strickland again.
What are you talking about?
This whole thing is because your name isn't Strickland.
Do you think I'm jealous of Buck and Ray Roy?
Who cares?
I sure don't.
Now Hank, that's just the rum and tequila and budget and gin talking.
I'm gonna give that SOB an introduction he'll never forget.
We're here to honor one of the giants of Texas propane, Mr. Buck Strickland.
To introduce Mr. Strickland, his right hand man, Hank Hill.
I'm not going to say, hell, I am going to say what I have been wanting to say.
Buck Strickland as a monster.
A drunk monster.
Buck Strickland is nothing but a water, disgusting bastard, making bastard.
And now I'm going to vomit.
God, I don't know what happened.
I just snapped.
Now the board of governors is having a special session this afternoon to determine my punishment.
It is just not right that Buck Strickland has been a drunken bore his whole life, and you, his white knight, are the one who's in trouble.
I am so sorry, Peggy.
I guess this has probably put you in a tough spot with the platinum circle.
Yeah, well, that dream died when you threw up in True Wagon's hair.
But I am not gonna let your career die.
Daddy, I feel awful about trading paint with what's-her-face.
Oh, hell, son.
If we can get past me abandoning you and never supporting you, we can get past this.
What do you say we call it even?
Fair enough.
No, hell, this ain't gonna be good.
Because of your shameful behavior, my husband is in danger of losing all he has ever worked for.
Hank has devoted his entire adult life to you and your company.
He is your company.
Without him, there is no Strickland propane.
Well, there is the one in Tennessee.
Save it, Junior, you're punching the heavy bag.
You two put Hank in this position, you're gonna fix it.
All right, boy.
We gotta fix it.
Yeah.
We need some schnapps to help us think.
Let's get the hell out of here, boy.
Damn.
My breath stinks like blood and peppermint.
And maybe this is why mama never wanted us to get together.
Yeah.
And why Hank was trying to keep us apart.
Oh, hell.
We forgot all about saving Hank's bacon.
All right, here's what we're gonna do.
We're gonna take us a hot shower and a little nap.
Then we're gonna fix things the way fellas like us fix things.
And then we ain't ever gonna see each other again.
Okay, Dad.
You know how to do a first-class hospitality suite, don't you?
I am your son, ain't I?
Mr. Hill, your guilt hardly seems to be at issue, so we can skip right on to the punishment phase, which I'll give you a preview.
We'll be severe.
Yes, sir.
I can't tell you how sorry I am.
Hello?
Buck?
Well, we're kind of in the middle of our disciplinary hearing.
Like the one in 84.
Very well then.
We'll see you shortly.
That was Buck Strickland.
His hospitality suite is open.
Like the one in 84?
Mr. Hill, the Board of Governors needs to adjourn to caucus about your case.
You stay put.
I won't move a muscle.
I will await your just decision.
Your husband is a disgrace.
I'm being frozen out.
I get it.
Look, as my way of saying, I'm sorry for being married to such a horrible man, I would like to treat each and every one of you to a spa afternoon, mayonnaise, patties, facials.
Hair, though works.
We sat in every chair in the hotel, dude Followed gentlemen, welcome to the Strickland Hospitality suite.
We got us a scrumptious selection of designs in the back room
Yes, my husband made a mistake.
All propane men make mistakes sometimes, including some of your husbands.
I'm in my third term as president of the Propane Gas Consortium.
Oh.
Well, now that everybody's got a pretty girl in his lap, I'd like to talk about leniency for my employee, Hank Hill.
Set up.
Everybody run.
Ray Roy, lock the door.
Now, you all reasonable men.
Surely you can find forgiveness in your hearts for old Hank before your wives get here?
Uh-oh.
Lost my bikini top.
You win, Buck.
Yellow.
Get their hair done.
Mr. Hill, we had an opportunity to talk with your employer, Buck Strickland.
He convinced us that not only should your actions last night be forgiven, your actions over your 20 years of service are deserving of the highest honor.
He was very persuasive.
Accordingly, the Board of Governors has voted unanimously to award you this Hall of Flame Jacket.
Does this mean... Wait, I'm in the Hall of Flame?
All of propane owes you a debt.
Most importantly, I owe you a debt.
Thanks, old top.
Congratulations, Hank.
Here, let me help you with your jacket.
Hell, Buck, I'll let you say goodbye to your son.
Well, this is goodbye forever, right?
forever, dad.
breath stinks like blood and peppermint.
