You know, you are so lucky to go to prom.
I never got to go to mine.
Yeah, uh-huh.
I don't know if I should get a blowout or an updo.
I missed my prom because I had to testify against my mama.
Everyone got the most romantic night of their life.
And all I got was my mama sent to jail.
I think I'll get an updo.
The bailiff that had to wrestle my mama had an updo.
You're gonna look so pretty.
I put some syrup in your soda because I know you like stuff sweet.
How many spoons?
I don't know.
I just poured.
Bobby, you poured good.
Why don't you treat yourself to one?
You sure know how to live, Lucky.
I had such a stressful day.
I can't wait till prom season is over on Saturday, then you and me and Teeny Lucky can go out on a romantic date.
You know I would love to, but right now I'm rigging my truck for stumping.
What's stumping?
It's when you go hunting for a stump of burrow walnut, the most valuable of all the trophy woods, and pull it out of the ground.
I'll come with you.
I could brew some sun tea and bring a picnic basket.
The ants will get into our food and then we'll laugh and laugh.
Sorry, but stumping is a gentleman's pursuit.
So is sticking and catfisting and everything you do.
Luan, my life would be easier without this passion, but it wouldn't be as full.
Uh, Peggy, my steak seems kind of small.
You're not pulling the new guidelines on me, are you?
No, I am not.
I just didn't realize that Luann would be with us tonight, so I had to reportion.
I thought I was going out with Lucky, but he doesn't have the time to spend with me.
Huh.
So I guess you had nowhere else to go?
Hank!
What'd she want?
A piece off my plate?
There's not a whole lot there.
Yep.
Yep.
Mm-hmm.
I've had it since I was 12.
A constant high-pitched ringing in my left ear.
I guess it's something I'll just have to learn to live with.
Lou Ann's not home, Lucky.
We're not here to see Lou Ann.
We came to visit you, Uncle Hank.
See, I'm looking to get more power into my wench.
Hmm.
Continue.
You see, wenches ain't something the three of us know.
What I know about dogs, you need something done about a dog, I'm the one you see.
Lucky, your man's making me nervous.
Muddover didn't mean to scare you, did you Muddover?
Not at present.
He's just upset because he and Elvin can't help me bring in a 48 inch stump of burl walnut.
It's not we don't want to.
It's all because the judge says we can't cross the county line.
Boy, I've never heard of a 48-inch stump of burled walnut.
You're talking diameter, right?
You don't talk nothing else.
It's real, all right.
My grandpappy first found it back in 1923.
Grandpappy was on a church picnic and got separated from his group.
A storm came up over the hills and Grand Papi had to take shelter in what turned out to be the most valuable stump in all of Texas.
His fate would have it, Grand Papi took ill and was called to his maker before he had a chance to bring it in.
I hunted that piece of walnut for many a year and then one day I finally found it, set my wench to it and everything, but the cable snapped.
I went to the Costco to buy new ones, slipped on pee-pee, got my settlement monies, and the rest is history.
That stump was worth $15,000, and that's in back then dollars.
And due to Elvin and Mudd Dover's indiscretions, I am down fellow adventurers.
I've always wanted to see walnut in the wild, and boom-howers always wanted a walnut dashboard.
Yeah, and my rifle could use a burled walnut stock.
And I need a walnut hat.
And I... Oh, I just want to come.
You know, in the old days, that stuff would be crying with knits.
Don't worry, little boy.
I'm going to give you the best cat ever.
Because prom pictures are forever, as are not prom pictures, which are all I have.
I'm not going to the prom.
I can't.
Of course you can.
Everyone goes to the prom now, even the crippled and the gay.
I don't have a date.
Really?
I'd go with you in a heartbeat.
Well, would you like to go with me to the prom?
Me?
Oh, you are such a sweet boy.
I would love to, but I already have a fiancé.
Oh, hey, I've got nothing going on that night if you want to grab a taco.
I'm not saying stumping isn't risky.
When you're out there with nothing but changed beer and a winch, you could rip your arm off and there ain't no one out there to sue.
Hey, baby girl.
Hey, my girl's baby.
Look at my new winch.
That's nice.
Hey, Lucky, the inspectors are letting that's amore open back up tomorrow night.
Well, bring me home some Aso Buko then, because me and the boys are going out.
Fine, then I too will be going out with a boy as well.
To the Arlen High School prom, I have been asked
Hmm.
No way, Luan.
You will not wear another man's wrist corsage.
If you are not going to take me out on a Saturday night or ever, why shouldn't I go?
Because I've seen the movies, and I know what goes on at prom.
You're sitting this one out.
No, I'm not.
Prom night is the most romantic night of the year, and I am not spending it alone again.
Luan, I'm not messing around here.
If you go to that prom, well, that does it.
Well, if you go stumping, then that does it.
Oh, no.
Don't do this, you guys.
Lay down your pride and give way to the glory of love.
I'm going stumping.
Well, I guess that does it.
I cannot believe someone in this family is finally going to their prom.
I could have gone with an ugly or unpopular guy, but I stuck by my principles.
Sometimes I wish my leg was a stump so Lucky would pay attention to me.
Is that wrong?
Yes.
You should not be fantasizing about being a hunk of wood.
You should be thinking about this magical night ahead.
The gymnasium will be transformed with glitter and crepe paper.
There might even be balloons in the basketball hoops.
I never dreamed that going to a dance with a 15 year old boy I barely know could be so wonderful.
Oh, Luann, tomorrow night I will be living vicariously through you.
Thank you.
Okay, when you dance, I want you to do it in a way that will make people form a circle around you and clap.
So what'll it be?
The Linda Evans or the Joan Collins?
Come on, Bobby.
Keep brushing.
You've got to flatten this thing out.
I'm trying, but it keeps on jumping back.
Who is it?
I'm kind of having a tux emergency.
It's Kevin.
You can't be here.
It's bad luck to see me before the prom.
I think that's on your wedding day, Luanne.
This was all the tuck shop had left.
I thought I'd look like James Bond.
I'm not gonna look like James Bond.
Oh, Kevin, don't worry.
What you wear is so much less important than what I'm wearing.
What?
What's wrong?
Them.
That's just Elvin and my diaper.
Go away!
Get!
I'm busy!
Who the hell is he?
This is my friend, Kevin.
Kevin is taking me to the prom.
So you're outgoing some day on prom behind Lucky's back?
Who's Lucky?
Shut up!
Aunt Peggy!
Evan and my diaper are making trouble!
Not in my house.
Not unless you want some of this.
Relax.
It's just Oven Cleaner.
But they don't know that.
We've been off-road for a while now, Lucky.
Do you have a map?
Uh-huh.
Must be an implant.
I wonder who did his.
The guy who did mine did not inspire confidence.
Lucky here.
What?
You sure about that?
Well, Luann's made her decision.
She's going to the prom with that kid.
Uh, when you're stumping, you don't talk about relationships, right?
Nope.
Well, alright.
What lucky say?
Oh, he's hurting.
I can tell it any voice.
We gotta make this right.
I wonder what sound you'll make.
I'm 15 years old and I'm a high school senior.
I've lived through everything.
I've been teased, I've been pantsed, I've had my head shoved in the toilet.
What can you do to me that hasn't been done?
Kill you.
Luanne, you look almost lovely.
Almost.
That's why I want you to have this.
A tiara.
It's so beautiful.
Just take good care of it.
It has been in the family since Halloween of 1973.
Five men, one stump.
This is the sort of thing they write books about.
You know what would make for an even better book?
If one of us turned into a werewolf right now.
I can't do it.
You okay?
We're getting close.
That was the exact same gopher hole I tripped in years ago.
And that's the same branch I hit my head on.
I stumbled forward on my hands and knees for 15, no, 16 paces until... There it is!
Oh my god, that's six burls per square inch.
I found you you burl son of a bitch.
It's my prom date, coming!
This is such a magical night.
I feel just like Cinderella.
Little boy, did you used to be a mouse?
I'm Kevin's brother.
He asked me to bring you this.
Oh my god, Kevin isn't taking me to the prom.
I used to have a fiance who loved me.
Then he left me and I thought, oh, well, I get to go to the prom.
At least I'll get to be happy one night.
But now I'll never be happy ever again.
Why is this happening, Kevin's little brother?
Do you have any candy?
I have no candy either.
Go ahead, Bobby, ask her.
Don't make me please.
Louanne, I know it's not for a few years, but...
Will you go to my prom with me?
Oh honey, crying will not make this go away.
I will.
There's nothing to do Aunt Peggy.
Lucky's gone and Kevin's gone.
Maybe I'll just crash the prom and everyone will suffer.
Well, I cannot make Lucky a better man, but I think I can help.
Come on, get your tiara.
Kevin!
You are taking Luan to the prom.
You have to take me, Kevin.
I traded my fiance for this.
But those men said they'll kill me.
They'll have to get past me first.
Well, you are pretty scary.
Yes, I am.
Now, are you going to clip on this bow tie or am I?
Okay guys, looks like we're a little short on cable, so all we need is to get a few crowbars underneath the stump and leverage it up about six inches.
Then Lucky and I'll pull the winch cable top, lock it on and pull it out.
Alright, I'm ready to go!
Yay!
Okay Lucky, let's do it.
One, two, three, now!
Just another inch or two!
Lucky!
Put your weight into it!
Oh man, come on, man, you didn't get him!
Lucky!
Have you seen this picture of Luan eating pancakes?
What sounds good to eat?
I'm not really hungry.
No, no, no, this is going to be the best night of my life, dammit!
You will have chicken, and I will have steak, just like I always imagined!
Kevin, you've got nothing to worry about.
Elvin and Mudd Dabber are not going to do anything to you, not when they're already on probation for violent crime.
What do they do?
I don't know, something with a nail gun.
There's an old lady selling roses.
We will take one!
Oh, no, face it.
She was meant for better men than us.
We were so close.
I've never felt closer to anyone.
I told them I'd go give them up, man.
Come on, man.
They ain't got no pain.
They ain't no gain, man.
Boomhauer is right.
It took this long to find it.
We're not letting it go.
Yay!
So, Uncle Hank, you think I should apologize to Lou Ann and tell her that I love her with all my heart?
And if I can't do something with her, it's not worth doing at all?
Don't take this the wrong way, Lucky, but I sincerely don't care what you do.
Ah, gotcha.
Okay, let's do it.
Huh.
Everything looks so beautiful.
Would you start having a good time?
This night is going to make up for how crappy my life is.
Let's dance.
I don't know.
Come on, it's easy.
I'll put my head here, and you put your hand right here.
And maybe if you're lucky, you'll feel the baby kick.
Oh.
I'm a child like you.
Didn't you know how much I loved you, baby?
Okay, go ahead.
Not so fast.
Okay.
Next.
Alvin?
What?
You ever been bit by a brown recluse spider?
If I had, I'd be dead, and you wouldn't be asking me about it now, would you?
Shh.
I see them.
Touch dancing.
Did you hear something?
Kevin, we're fine.
It's completely safe.
And Peggy, help!
Coming!
Kevin, you're going to have to fight.
I can't.
I know you think you can't.
But when push too far, you nerds always have amazing strength.
You can punch the bully out with one punch.
I can't get a grip.
He's wriggling like a pro.
Then won't be him like one.
Kevin, summon your amazing strength.
There a problem here boys?
Nothing can't be fixed.
Let the boy go Elvin.
Did you get your stump?
I did a lot of thinking out in those woods, Lou Ann, and I came to realize that you are my stump.
Ah, Lucky.
I missed you.
I'm gonna go now.
Not so fast, boy.
My girl wants to have a prom, and I'm not dressed for one myself, so go ahead and be her date.
But the last dance is mine.
Until the DJ, the last song is going to be 25 or 6 to 4 by the great Chicago.
I'm so cold.
We're all cold, Dale.
If we huddle together, we'll retain our heat and we won't get hypothermia.
Not a chance.
Come on, Hank.
No one will ever know.
I will, and that's enough.
Yeah.
Summon your amazing strength!
