Good morning, class.
I will be subbing for Mrs. Dorlan, who is at home recuperating from the Hanta virus.
What's the Hanta virus?
Well, Clark, it's a flu-like disease usually contracted from rodent droppings.
Okay, all right then.
Now, in preparation for our field trip, your classmates are going to act out a little-known episode of Mexican American History.
The year is 1847.
In general, Santa Ana, I led the Mexican army at the LMO where we defeated Texas.
We are at the battle of Cerro Gordo 11 years later and we are hungry.
Sir, I will hold your artificial leg while you eat chicken.
Attack.
Look out!
It's the Illinois Volunteer Infantry!
Hop on, General!
I stole your fake leg.
Oh, well, that was beautiful.
That was just inspired.
The General's artificial leg has been on display in an Illinois museum for over a century.
But this year, America decided to return it to Mexico.
Even as we speak, Santa Ana's real fake leg is making its way from museum to museum on its journey home.
I guess you could say the Arland Museum is the last leg of the tour.
Oh, oh, Peggy.
Yeah, see, that was in 1976.
In 1977, I did wear shoes.
Boy, that car's going fast.
Doesn't he know men drinking this alley?
Well, that looks like your dad's Cadillac car, Hank.
Yeah, man.
It's like a dead dang old dead hit the dirt, man.
Oh.
Thanks Fatty!
Don't mind if I do!
Geez Dad, you almost dented the cooler.
Where's Diddy?
I thought with your eyesight she was doing all the driving.
Ah, we had another fight.
I threw her out.
Diddy woman, my toes are cold!
Knit me a blanket!
I don't have time, honey.
I'm late for work.
And a good one, baby cakes!
Now get your knitting sticks!
You're gonna have to wear your socks, Colonel.
Yeah, so I put her out in the street.
Good for you, sir.
I admire the speed with which you dispatch the insubordinate.
Shut your clam hole, Gribble.
So, I guess you're here to cool off for a few days till you two can patch things up?
Nope, this one's for good.
I'm here to renew my driver's license.
Got the I-Chart memorized down at the Arlam DMV.
Ain't changed it since World War II.
Uh, that's the big one, Fatty.
Uh, Dad, about you driving, I'm not sure it's such a good idea.
Excuse me, Hank.
I think a man who gave his shins to win the Second World War has earned the right to drive an automobile.
Hank, Bobby and me are going to run an RV this summer and drive around the country.
We'll do fitty states in fitty days.
You know, Cotton, you can travel anywhere in the world in books.
Gosh!
Uh, Dad, you don't want to be driving on a crowded highway in the summertime?
I don't know.
There's nothing like the feel of the open road.
Oh, you know, Grandpa Hill, with an RV, you could put it on cruise control and then go in the back and watch TV.
Oh, Lou Ann, please.
Dad, with all due respect, I don't think you should be driving anymore.
Don't you tell me what to do?
You ain't my daddy, I'm your daddy.
I won the war!
I can drive a car!
Even your idiot friend Gribble knows that!
Oh, Dad Dale's just kissing up to you.
And so should you, boy!
Hank, that reminds me.
We need some chaperones for Bobby's class trip.
What kind of trip you taking, buddy?
Vegas?
There's a general Santa Ann exhibit at the museum.
We did a play about him in school, and I was one of his privates.
Yeah, yeah, I know all about Santa Annie.
We got his walk-in log under Glass-Nill-Moyce.
I'm glad to see.
Actually, Cotton, the leg is coming through Arlen.
America is finally returning the lead to Mexico.
What?
Take it easy, Dad.
Take it easy.
You see, Bobby?
Your daddy's generation's giving away everything we fought for.
Penny Maltanel, Mexican legs.
You people give back down these diapers that you had them.
Ugh, would you look at that line?
We'll be here all day.
Oh, for God's sake!
Hank, I've got it, man.
He whined less than you.
Why don't you guys get started?
I'll be there in a minute.
Alright, clicky.
Now take down the first letter of every word I say.
Someday Governor Reagan will run for president.
I'll pass.
Give me the license.
Wow, I've never seen anyone miss every single letter.
You fail.
What?
Look at it again.
Someday that's SB as in stupid dummy.
That's you.
Tell him, Hank.
This is an outrage.
We are very dissatisfied customers.
Come on, Dad.
Let's go.
So, you had the clerk switch the eye chart.
That's a good plan.
If you silence the clerk.
Well, it was one of the toughest things I ever had to do, I tell you what, but my dad's getting close to the end zone now.
I gotta start calling some of his plays.
Yeah, I know what you mean.
My dad can't even load his own hunting rifle anymore.
I mean, I gotta put it in his hands, practically pull a dang trigger for him.
Sad.
Very sad.
I'm a DMV, change the damn chart on me, that's what they did?
Tell you what, man, I'm gonna take that damn DMV, man, take my picture, and I'm gonna hair hoot it that day, man, I'm four dang old years, I'm gonna go and look like Cokie Roberts, man.
There are ways to get around the license problem, sir.
Dale, this doesn't concern you.
For example, put a sail on your car, call it a boat.
Do that, Hank!
Gribble's got a clever idea!
Go get me a sail!
It's a stupid idea, Dad.
Well, excuse me, Hank.
I guess I'm not as clever as you are.
I mean, I could never think of a clever idea like switching the eye chart so your dad would fail that test.
Dang it, Dale.
Looks like we've got ourselves a benefit darling.
Where do you get the safety yourself, boy?
Look, Dad, I did change that chart.
I did it because I care about you.
You should not be driving.
But he's a war hero, Hank.
A world war hero.
You should let him do whatever he wants.
Shut up, Dale.
I know what's best for my dad.
If you knew what's best for me, you'd have drowned yourself two days after you was born.
Goodbye, Hank.
I'm leaving.
Good news!
I'm staying with you from now on!
You hear that, Hank?
Daddy's staying with me.
Did you sleep okay, Mr. Hill?
Yep.
Yep.
Just fine.
See, Nancy?
And you wanted to give away Joseph's crib.
There you go, sir.
One perfectly forged driver's license.
Good until the year 3000.
Good boy.
Here's a dollar.
Hey, Dad.
I need you to sign my permission slip for that Santa Ana exhibit.
Joseph, you know I do not sign any document issued by a government institution.
Hey, Hank.
Come on, Joseph.
Our ride's here.
Hey Tokyo Rose, how did your garden grow?
Don't start with me Dale.
Alright Dad, you made your point.
Now come on back and we'll talk about this.
I got a whole box of Megalo plates you can break.
I'd rather break Gribble's plates, thank you very much.
No, thank you very much sir.
I'm done.
I'm going down to the drugstore to pick up my shinself.
Alright, well let me drive you in.
I don't need you.
Gribble made me a license.
I haven't seen a middle mate take so long to ride a ticket.
All right, sir.
Please step out of the vehicle.
Woo-hoo-hoo!
You want to frisk me, Cadney?
Go ahead.
Then I can do you.
And when I asked for his license, he gave me this.
Yeah, I know.
It's expired.
I'm real sorry about that.
He shouldn't be driving.
Expired?
It's not even real.
Made out of the back of a cereal box.
Well, you're lucky.
In the most severe cases of senile dementia, they can't even remember their son's names.
What?
He's not senile.
My dad's just a character, you know, like a cowboy.
Dad, knock it off.
Come on.
All right, General Mills.
Now I'm letting your son take care of you.
You have to promise to be a good boy.
Do you recognize your son?
Yep.
He's better than darling.
The point is, Dad, you've got to calm down.
You're lucky you're not in jail.
Don't you take that tone with me.
I was out buying shin jelly.
You show some respect.
Oh, okay, okay.
Let's talk about it over dinner.
What do you say?
Go get your bags and we'll head on home.
Oh, sure.
I'll be right there.
Oh
Uh, hey, Didi.
Hank.
Listen, I'm here to ask you for a big favor.
You and my dad got to patch things up quicker than usual this time.
I'm having trouble keeping him under control.
Oh, there's no patching things up this time, Hank.
The passion is gone.
There was magic between us when we first met.
Yeah!
I'll come in here once a year to get my shins drained.
I don't take no anesthetic.
Did Lincoln ask for girly gas when they blowed his head off?
Magazines?
Candy?
Fruit roll-ups?
Oh, look at you!
Aren't you the cutest little helpless thing?
Oh, you're like a little baby in that gown.
Oh, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci!
Oops!
Oh, sweet lord!
Clean peaches and heavy syrup!
It was like Romeo and Juliet.
But now the magic's gone.
Cotton said my bottom was too small.
Do you think it's too small?
Oh, no.
Put that away.
It's fine.
It's very big.
Look, Hank, acetoner makes sun dresses now.
Uh-oh.
She is not going to take him back, is she?
Nope.
I'm going to have to watch him like a hawk.
Uh, C.R.
Hank?
No thanks.
Good.
Has he all been smoked?
Yeah, she got me on that one.
Anyway, the reason I'm here is to ask you to be a chaperone on Bobby's museum trip tomorrow.
I'm going to be one.
Daddy can't go.
He's taking me bumper-bowling.
Will you stop calling him Daddy?
Come on, Dad.
You'd really be helping us out.
Well, I've been helping you out of James your whole life.
Might as well keep this streak alive.
I'll do it.
We'll do it.
And then you killed the German corporal?
This is World War II, Connie girl.
You was a nazi.
Yeah, I severed his windpipe with a two-foot strand of dental floss I kept in my boot.
And that's why it's always important to carry dental floss.
Okay, Tom Landry Middle School.
Next stop is the featured exhibit, General Sandy Annie's Artificial Leg.
Oh, what a beautiful prosthetic.
Those t-shirts do not do with justice.
After its brief stay here, General Sandy and his leg will be returned to its rightful owner, Mexico.
Rightful?
Finders keepers!
That, now take it easy, relax.
Along with the leg, Mexico will receive a check for the original cost of the leg, $1,300 US.
And a letter of apology signed by our Commander-in-Chief.
Ah, that draft, Dodger!
He can't be that!
The Japanese blew my shins off!
Where am I gonna get them back?
Hank, Chaperone?
Chaperone, your father!
Dad, I'm not gonna tell you again!
Zip it!
Let's settle people.
Okay.
Alright, stop the verse.
It's been stolen.
One of these hoodlums stole Sandy and his leg.
Alright kids, listen up.
I'm going to close my eyes and when I open them, I want to see that leg.
You understand?
Alright Dad, I'm fed up.
Now where is the leg?
Well, I don't know if I can speak to that.
I was told to zip it.
The whole country of Mexico is expecting to get their leg back on Saturday.
Well delightful!
That leg means a lot to them.
And my driver's license means a lot to me.
What does the leg have to do with your driver's license?
Use your head, boy!
The Mexicans have diplomats, they'll pull some strings, get me my license, then I'll give them back their leg!
Dad, the police are gonna come after you!
That's my offer!
Take it back to your people!
They never look in the most obvious place.
Colonel, shall we retire to the leg room?
Maybe that police woman was right.
I've never seen Dad like this before.
He's not his crazy old self anymore.
He's acting... crazy.
Well, stick a pin in me, I'm dreaming.
I've been saying that to you for 22 years.
Aunt Peg, Uncle Hank, I just heard on the news there's a Santa Claus exhibit at the museum and someone stole his leg!
Colonel, I just want to say it's been an honor fighting with you against Tank and his forces.
You can rest assured I am with you all the way.
He did it!
He took the leg!
It was his idea!
You can have it back!
Oh no!
It's gone!
Where do you put it?
You shindless old freak!
You are a worse traitor than Hank!
I know how to deal with traitors!
Sir!
You're going to want to give me that leg right now before you're getting any more trouble.
I need that leg for leverage in my negotiations with the much-skinned government.
They took my shins and put them on display in the inverse pagoda.
That's the thanks I get for flossing them nazis.
You tell the meter man I want my car back.
I can drive myself.
They just changed the chart.
Someday Governor Reagan will run for president.
And we felt the psychological evaluation had come to an end after he claimed Dr. Miyoshi's stethoscope as a war trophy.
Well, what are you gonna do?
Just keep him here forever?
Well, that's up to you.
It's my opinion that he requires supervision.
Either he stays here, or you and your wife need to watch him 24 hours a day.
Hey dad, how do you like it here?
Find some place else to stand, fatty!
Oh, see?
You know his name.
He's already made a friend, see?
He knows his name.
Look, Peggy, board games.
Checkers, dominoes, shoots and ladders.
Why, if I didn't have to work every day, I'd come here.
Dad, I know a lot has happened in the last day or so, but I need to know where that leg is.
If I give the leg back.
Can I get out of here?
We'll see.
It's not up to me.
All right.
It's in Gribble's golf bag.
I drew a one on it and signed it Lee Trevino.
All right, then.
Dale's golf bag.
Take it easy, Dad.
Don't forget about your old man.
You'll come back to me, right, boy?
Well, it's not so bad in there, really.
Oh, Peggy, come on, that was awful.
My father hates it in there.
But it's not like I can watch him 24 hours a day.
Oh, no, you cannot.
Just wouldn't be fair to you or me or Bobby.
Maybe we're being too picky about this VA.
You know, Consumer Reports gave it a B minus.
Well, that's above average.
Hank, how are you gonna break it to him?
So?
Ha.
Am I going to live with you and Hank's wife?
No.
But I told you where the leg was!
I know, and I gave it to the police.
Look, Dad, I can't take care of you all day long, and you wouldn't really want it that way, so there's only one other option.
Didi!
What's she doing here?
I told you it was over, woman!
I told him the same thing, but he said I have to sign something to get the Cadillac car.
They've got you in a baby-cown.
Oh, look at the baby.
I'll get those.
Oh, honey, I'm sorry I said your butt was too small, but anything is too big.
But I likes you for who you is.
Come on, little baby boy.
I'll drive you home.
That is retired Captain Barissimo de Fino.
When he straps on Santa Ana's leg and walks it from our flag to his, it will be officially returned to the Mexican peoples.
Well, the important thing is they got it back.
Hey!
Wait a minute!
That's the leg I made for the play!
Here you are, Senor.
One driver's license.
Thank you!
And here you are!
One Sandy and his leg!
The story you've just seen is based on a true event.
At the Battle of Cerro Gordo in 1847, the Illinois Volunteer Infantry captured the artificial leg of Mexican General Antonio López de Santa Ana, while the general and his men feasted on a lunch of roasted chicken.
Unfortunately, Santa Ana's leg still resides in an Illinois museum.
If you would like to join the movement to help return the leg to the Mexican people, write Illinois Senator Richard J. Durbin.
Thank you and good night.
And a good one, baby cakes!
