I'm in my office.
Peggy, I've got a situation here.
Oh, Hank, is it your back again?
Why won't you wear that weightlifting belt I got you for Christmas?
It's not a belt, it's a girdle.
Take off your shirt, I'll get the icy hot.
Ooh, ah, icy, icy, ah, hot, ah.
All right.
Okay.
Hey.
Peggy, not in front of the B.O.Y.
I need both of you to sign this permission slip.
Alrighty.
What's it for, son?
Contact football?
No, you're not old enough for that.
Ringworm test?
What?
Sexual education?
Where'd you get this?
I told you, at school.
Oh, I thought we didn't have to worry about this until ninth grade health class.
Uh-uh.
Principal wants to teach us a unit from some course they made up in Washington, D.C.
Washington?
Bobby, go to your room.
Well, what are we gonna do?
Here's the first thing I'm gonna do.
I'll tell you what.
There.
No need for Bobby to get all bothered up learning about sex when he can't do a damn thing about it anyway at his age.
And with his features.
Besides, it is not up to the United States government to be teaching Bobby the facts of life.
That's his parents' job.
I agree.
If anybody should teach our boy about that, it should be his parents.
Something like that should be taught in the home.
Uh-huh.
Where he lives.
Absolutely.
Yes, sir.
Well, you're the expert.
Substitute teacher of the year 1996, as I recall.
Oh, Hank, I'm also a decent woman.
I got my back out here, Peg.
Bobby?
Bobby, honey?
What do you know about sexual relations?
I don't know.
Nothing much.
I'm a little worried about being a slut.
Uh-huh.
Well, Bobby, your father and I decided that as your parents, that you and I should have a little talk on the subject.
You have noticed, I am sure, that there are some pretty big differences between boys and girls.
I'm sure you know that.
I mean, physically, boys are, they're different.
They have something that girls do not have.
Yeah.
You know, some thing.
You mean a penis?
I didn't take sex ed in school.
Come on, Boomhauer, if you're gonna prune, prune.
The army taught me everything, and in four different languages too.
Want to know how to get a bar girl in the Philippines?
The point is, there's no way my son is learning the how-tos of romance from some bureaucrat regulatory handbook.
Sumay Ho.
or something like that.
And Dale, I'd say the same applies to your Joseph.
I'd tear that permission slip up if I were you.
I'll do that and then some.
This sex head stuff goes higher than the schools.
It's that same old club of Rone Zero population bull dink that the UN's been trying for years.
I'll tell you what, man, it branch-fishing, it's going down, it's going to get y'all with your heads up.
They want to whittle us down so we can't keep a standing army.
That's when the Chinese will come marching in.
All I'm saying is keep the government out of the bedroom business.
Teaching my boy the facts of life is my job.
Damn.
You got that right.
Hank, I couldn't get the words out.
Oh gee, you didn't send her into a man's job, did you?
Uh, well, uh... Maybe you should let Boom Howard teach him what he knows.
Yeah, man, I'll tell you what, he'd tell him about him dang old condom dispenser with them.
He'd put a little 50 cents in there and he'd try to hit that corner, turn his bang on that thing and just talk about her needs.
Oh, no, that's all right.
I guess I'll do it.
My daddy told me the facts of life when I was Bobby's age and I turned out okay.
EHA!
Hey, what you crying for, boy?
It's a good show.
This was a damn good show.
Yeah.
That's also how he taught me about paying taxes.
Well, there used to be a dairy farm out here somewhere.
Oh, there we go.
Gracie, this is Mr. Hill.
Brought his son over to learn the facts of life.
Well, he sure came to the right place.
We call this machine the Matchmaker 500.
Now Bobby, you're coming to a time in your life when you're going to start to have tender feelings for a girl.
You're going to need to know what those feelings mean and what to do about them.
Where's the other half of that dang permission slip?
I'm sure they will do a good job at school.
The health teacher is a trained professional.
Uh-huh.
Keep digging.
Hey Hank, I wouldn't sweat it anymore about that sex ed stuff.
What do you mean?
All you gotta know is I took care of it with one little phone call.
Hey, pig leg.
That was Bobby's principal.
Some right-wing maniac just called the health teacher with a death threat and she quit.
Oh, well, I'm sure it was just some harmless nutcase.
Damn, thank you, God.
Jeez!
Hey, on the bright side, since there's no one to teach that sex ed course, we can put all this ugliness back in the closet.
Oh, no, Hank, they found someone.
They found the substitute teacher of the year.
Uh, 1995?
1996.
oh my oh lord oh for goodness sake this beauty school homework is hard Aunt Peggy Aunt Peggy huh oh I'm sorry Lou Ann I was not paying attention listen to this chapter title the 14 stages of arousal and then you turn the page and
Oh my goodness.
Is that Sea Everett Coop?
That must be an old book, because now there's 18 stages.
Oh my.
How am I going to say these words out loud in front of a class?
Let me see.
Self-exploration is a perfectly natural exercise throughout the pubescence.
What's so hard about that?
Luanne?
Honey, tell me, what is it like to live without shame of any kind?
Is it a good feeling?
Yeah.
Well, I guess I am a little jealous.
Things were very different when I was a girl.
Honey, you're at that special time of life.
The time when a little girl becomes a woman.
And you start getting a monthly visitor.
Who?
Uncle Joe?
My mother gave me this and I'm passing it on to you.
The loveliness of woman.
There's nothing in here but pictures of flowers.
I never even kissed a boy until I was twenty.
Of course he's dead now.
Look, here's a chapter on communicating your needs to your love partner.
What kind of filth are you reading?
It's Aunt Payee's sex headbook.
Say what?
Let me take a look at that.
What in the hell?
That is the inside of a womb.
A woman's womb.
My boy is not going to look at the inside of a womb.
He's only been out of yours for 11 years.
I think I need some water.
You want my Chandler or my Ross?
Can I shoot him full of BB's?
Okay.
Then Ross.
You sure you don't want him?
Uh huh.
I'm not gonna need my toys anymore.
After I learn sex ed, I'll be too busy dating.
Who?
I don't know.
Whoever wants to have sex with me.
Well, what do you think?
A few more inches?
Might as well.
Just gonna keep growing.
Well, so much for my phone call.
What are you talking about?
They found some other deep-fraved harlot to teach that six-ed class.
Uh, Dale?
Don't worry, Hank.
I know people who can take care of this woman if you know what I mean.
That woman is my wife.
I thought Peggy was your wife.
Dale, I think he's saying Peggy's the new sex teacher.
Yeah, what?
Nothing.
I wouldn't say nothing at all, Hank.
You did nothing wrong with a little sexual education?
No, sir.
I bet Peggy'll be introducing some new ideas into the bedroom.
Dale!
I'm just saying a woman who knows is the toughest customer.
Maybe you ought to hit the books, too.
What the hell is wrong with you all?
What nothing, Hank, just think.
You'll be married to a woman who knows everything about sex.
I've never been with a woman like that.
Except, of course, a bar girl.
Of course, I don't mean that Peggy's a bar girl or nothing like that.
I mean, she just knows, you know, what a bar girl knows.
You know, there's a funny thing happening down at school.
They want me to teach this sex ed stuff to our kids class, you know, but I just don't know if I can overcome the crippling sense of shame that I got from my mother.
Phew!
Well, we knew you wouldn't.
Yeah, I've been telling people Peggy Hill is not one of those teachers that puts all that intellectual hooey above common decency.
Mm-hmm.
Well...
Well, sometimes a little intellectual hooey is a good thing.
Look, we all grew up not knowing the real words for your dinky and your woohoo, and we turned out fine.
I learned about sex from my mother.
She gave me that wonderful book, The Loveliness of Woman.
That book is worthless.
Well, I got a lot out of it.
When my husband would crawl all over me at night and do his business, well, I would just close my eyes and think of them pretty flowers.
Oh, Bonnie, you poor, poor woman.
Hey Bobby, your mom's gonna teach sex ed.
Yeah, I know.
We're gonna get to see your boobs.
So?
Bobby, you're up!
Your dad lost his job.
Run, run!
Come on, run!
Don't stop at first bite, son!
Go on the way, Bobby!
Go on the way, honey!
Yeah, yeah, go all the way, you perv!
Hello?
You don't know who I am, but I know where you live, and if you teach that six-head class, so help me out.
Dale?
Is that you?
Oh, hey, uh, can I speak with Peggy?
Uh, Peggy, it's for you.
It's Dale.
Yellow, Dale.
You don't know who I am, but I know where you live.
Boy, you should have heard Bonnie today.
That woman has got one awful love life.
Uh-huh.
Oh, my God.
Hi, Aunt Coney.
Would you like to rub some pretty feet and hands on my back?
Uh, isn't that just for your feet and hands?
Well, mainly.
But you could use it everywhere.
I'll pass.
Well, how about if I put a little on your elbows?
It'll moisturize and exfoliate.
My elbows are fine.
You never complained about them before.
It's just that it's so nice and cooling.
It makes your elbows smooth.
What?
Where in the hell are my elbows gonna be that they need to be smooth?
Well, honey, I just thought it would be nice, you know, for later, for us to be all smooth.
I don't mean to be rude or nothing, but I'll pass.
Look, Hank Hill, I did not ask to teach this class, but I am a substitute teacher.
That means I have to be prepared to go wherever they need teachers most, at any hour of the day or night, and teach anything from gym to home ec.
I took an oath, darn it.
Excuse me.
And if I start to pick and choose, the whole system just breaks down.
Yeah, well, you weren't too proud to pick and choose when you had those Randy Travis tickets.
Oh, no, those poor little kids never did get to make their clay ash trays.
Well, they're damn sure gonna know the 18 stages of arousal, because Peggy Hill is gonna teach that class.
This is a diagram of a woman's...
Come on Aunt Peggy, you can do it!
A woman's the... This is a man's...
Well, what do you think?
Mm-hmm, nice and clean, but I think old Sigmund Freud might have a thing or two to say about it.
What?
Oh, no!
Happiness.
Happiness.
Happiness.
Happiness.
I did it.
Overease.
You villa.
Urus.
Vagina!
Hey Hank, I just said- I heard you.
The whole neighborhood can hear you cussing.
It's not cussing Hank to say the name of a God-given body part.
Well it is if it's a part of the body that was meant to be concealed by an undergarment.
You're dealing with organs that people just don't want to know about.
Well Bobby ought to know about them.
We don't want him growing up as repressed as we did.
Sure we do.
I'm drawing the line here, Peggy.
My son is not going to learn this crazy crap.
It says right here he can't take the class without permission of both his parents.
Now, just hold on.
Are you saying I am not good enough to teach my own son?
If you do not approve, you do not have to sign.
And I do not approve.
Permission denied.
This damn strapping tape.
Come on, Bobby.
You're coming to work with me.
Uh, no, Mr. Hudson, we don't recommend using propane to fill party balloons.
Well, yeah, it is a gas, but it's in a liquid state.
Well, okay, but you might want to blow out those candles.
Look, I'm gonna have to call you back.
Bobby, hey, that's my work.
Now just sit still, okay?
What do you think mom's telling all those guys?
I don't know.
I don't want to know.
Just try not to think about it.
Okay.
What do you think mom's saying to him?
I said not to think about it.
Think about something else.
Okay.
Dad, do you ever have sex anymore?
Uh... Well, uh... Come on, Bobby.
Can't you think of something pleasant?
What do you think mom's telling all those guys?
Good morning class.
Today we're gonna discuss the subject of human relations.
Otherwise known as... Human relations.
I am your substitute teacher.
My name is Peggy Hill.
Oh, kiddokey.
Any questions so far?
Dad?
What?
I just wanted to say you don't have to worry about me because I'm never gonna have sex.
Oh, Bobby, now don't say that.
I thought that's what you wanted.
Well, yes, if you were my daughter, but you're my son.
Why is it not okay for girls, but it's okay for boys?
It's called the double standard, Bobby.
Don't knock it.
We got the long end of the stick on that one.
I see.
That's why mom's bad for talking about sex.
Bobby, look, just because your mom's been using those words doesn't mean she's bad.
She's just trying to do her job.
Give the kids the proper names for things.
Imagine how hard that is for your mother, trying to teach a room full of snicker and fifth graders the difference between a boy and a girl's, uh, you know, hookups.
That woman's got a lot of guts, I'll tell you what.
That's Mrs. Peggy Hill.
H-I-L-L.
You can call me Mrs. Hill, you can call me Peggy, or Peggy Hill.
Okay, come on Peggy Hill, you can do this.
Okay, today's subject.
Just have a seat.
I'm sure your teacher can tell you everything you need to know.
She was a substitute teacher of the year 1996, I understand.
Alright class, let's do it.
Today I'm going to teach you sex ed.
It's difficult subject matter, but if we approach it with common sense, I believe we might learn something that could enrich our lives.
But before we begin, please bring your permission slips up to my desk.
And those of you whose parents did not give you permission to learn with me, well, you can read for an hour in the school library.
Sorry, Peggy.
Sorry, Peggy.
Sorry, Peggy.
Sorry, Peggy.
Sorry, Peggy.
Sorry, Peggy.
Sorry, Peggy.
Sorry, Peggy.
Sorry, Peggy.
Sorry, Peggy.
Sorry, Peggy.
Sorry, Peggy.
Sorry, Peggy.
Sorry, Peggy.
Sorry, Peggy.
Sorry, Peggy.
Sorry, Peggy.
Sorry, Peggy.
Sorry, Peggy.
Sorry, Peggy.
Sorry, Peggy.
Sorry, Peggy.
Sorry, Peggy.
Sorry, Peggy.
Sorry, Peggy.
Sorry, Peggy.
Sorry, Peggy.
Sorry, Peggy.
Sorry, Peggy.
Sorry, Peggy.
Sorry, Peggy.
Sorry, Peggy.
Sorry, Peggy.
Sorry, Peggy.
Sorry, Peggy.
Sorry, Peggy.
Hello?
Bobby?
Luanne?
Was anybody home?
Where is everybody?
Uh, I sent the kids off to see a double feature.
May I have this dance?
Smooth elbows, Peg.
I seem to recall you kind of like being dipped.
Oh, hi.
Watch your back.
Good as ever.
Are you okay?
Well, as long as we're down here.
Hello, you have reached the Hill residence.
Please leave a message at the toe.
You don't know who I am, but I know where you live, sex ed teacher, and you better cut it out if you know what's good for you.
Oh, and uh, hey, we changed that tee off time to three o'clock.
See ya.
