You think I'd meet more women if I change my name to Tango?
Don't change your name again, Bill.
Kon Koi Kon!
Mama!
Huh, Kon has a mother?
Somehow I always pictured a pod situation.
Min, you are very lucky to have a man like Khan to care for you.
You must be sure always to show your appreciation.
Oh, what helpful suggestion!
I do that right away!
Min, your stew looks nice, but I would add just a bit more oyster sauce for a richer flavor, if I may.
If I may just demonstrate.
Hey, Grandma.
I just... Uh-oh.
Already?
If I may just demonstrate.
I hate to leave two such beautiful women, but I must go and bring home the bacon for you both.
I will miss you, Kan Koi Kan.
I will go sit in the dining room for a while.
Yeah, knock yourself out.
What are you doing?
Oh, just some cleaning.
No, Laoma.
It's not necessary.
I cleaned house yesterday.
Just fine.
If I may just demonstrate.
Well, hello.
I am Peggy Hill.
Laoma Super News in Poland.
Mrs. Hill, I must respectfully say that you are missing an opportunity for the greatest cleanliness of your windows.
I beg your pardon?
You use improper wiping motion if you would allow me to demonstrate.
I was a homemaker for forty years and I found that I truly enjoyed cleaning.
Well, my favorite part of cleaning is being done, huh?
Well, I see you don't relax by laughing.
If you find no joy in housework, perhaps you would do better with a housekeeper.
Oh, well, I've had fantasies about it, believe me.
We just don't have that kind of money.
Please, Mrs. Hill, I would not charge much.
You know my daughter-in-law.
I really need to get out of the house.
Deal.
You can call me Miss Peggy.
And this, as you can see, is the kitchen.
There's the sink, the oven, the floor, the... Yes.
It is like many kitchens I have seen.
I will find my way.
What is she doing?
She's cleaning our house for practically nothing.
That washcloth cost more than her.
Now get out before she changes her mind.
Bay Bay Beverly Hills Cup Bay Bay Beverly Hills Cup actually going to find those drugs.
Mama going to throw garbage all over here.
How I love her.
No, not there.
How that's spiteful.
What's she?
Lama coming Miss Peggy.
This crazy!
You survive brutal dictatorship in communist states only to become slave in America?
Don't be silly, Khan.
Now, does this Hank name tag look clean after you?
I just don't like the idea of having a maid.
I don't even feel right having a waiter clear my plate.
So why don't you fire her?
Because that would be even more wrong than it was to hire her.
Nope.
I'm afraid we'll have to keep her on with us now till she dies.
Well, that very clever prank you play, Hank Hill.
You'll take advantage of poor old defenseless woman to spite neighbor.
Wait till your mother come here on rocking chair tied to roof of car.
I make her dance for nickels.
Oh, pev-an-ban.
I've never seen this woman clean anything, but I enjoy her work.
Hello, Mr. Hill.
Oh, hi, Laoma.
Please continue to watch your sports game.
I will not disturb you.
Oh, I know.
I know.
I'm just stretching my legs.
Uh-oh.
Sticky stain.
No, Mr. Hill.
It is okay.
You stay and watch.
I insist.
Ah!
Ah!
Oh, God.
Time for afternoon snack.
You brought me a snack?
You are the male child of the family.
Your responsibility is great and so must be your nourishment.
Melted cheese, roast beef, sauerkraut.
This is a Ruben sandwich!
I wasn't expecting this.
I gotta sit down.
Oh, me and my heart is breaking.
With every speck of dirt Mama cleaned from Hilbilly's toilet, it won more speck of dirt on my face.
Your mother must not be treated like a caged bird.
We must let her fly, even if it's just across the street for a few hours a day.
Tomorrow Mama's day off.
I must find her new way to occupy time.
Something she can do here in house, instead of in cracker shack next door.
Stay off?
So she'd be here tomorrow?
With me?
Howdy, fellas!
I see you are all relaxing after a hard day of work.
Yeah, well, dad is having a beer.
I bet you wish you had super clean homes to go to like your buddy Hank.
Ah, well, yeah.
Well, there's good news.
My mother-in-law has remaining shifts available at unbeatable prices.
Who signed up first?
Heck, I'll take a day.
I could use some Asian fingerprints in there.
Why not you, Bill?
Have you become emotionally attached to your many rats and cockroaches?
No.
They can leave any time they want.
I wouldn't care.
So hire Laoma.
She's practically free.
Well, maybe I should.
And I just always figured I'd have to be rich to be clean.
This will take me months.
Thank you, Bill.
Huh?
Oh, Loma, I can't thank you enough.
My house is clean.
My clothes are clean.
I'm clean.
And I can't believe how many forks you found.
It has been my pleasure.
It is a curious thing.
I moved here only to be closer to my son.
It has been a lovely surprise that I have also found something to do.
Yes, lovely.
Oh, something's on your mind.
As a barber, I've seen that look on my own face in the mirror many a time.
Well, there is still a void that neither family nor work can fulfill.
Yeah, there's a void in my life too.
It's nice to talk to someone who has the same void.
Laoma, forgive me if I'm out of line, but would you ever consider spending time with me, you know, outside of my house?
A heart attack took my husband away from me to the next life, but I believe he returned as the gentle wind that blows through this meadow, even now.
My God, that's the most beautiful description of a haunted meadow I've ever heard.
My heart, it's been broken so many times.
I will be gentle if I may demonstrate.
Oh, Melmo.
So, you guys go to things.
Anybody know where I can get two tickets to love letters at the Arland Little Theater?
Good Lord, as your ass gotten so fat, you need two seats?
No.
I have a friend.
You can't take a pigeon to the theater, Bill.
For your information, she happens to be a lady.
And we really like each other.
I got to tell you, things got pretty hot and heavy last night.
Oh, man.
That was a good one, man.
No way to go, Bill.
Anyone we know?
Yep.
It's Khan's mom.
Oh, God dang it.
Bill, she's 20 years older than you.
She's literally an old maid.
My God, she's perfect for you.
Congratulations, Bill.
No, thanks.
So how does Conn feel about all this?
No, we haven't told him yet.
It'll probably take him some getting used to, and we don't want to upset him until the relationship is on assure footing.
Yo, man, I got to hang on nine o'clock, man.
Archive!
My mother get home two hours late last night.
You work her overtime?
I'm sorry, Conn.
We lost track of the hour.
Well, that's unacceptable.
Every time my mother comes back from your house, she's sweaty and exhausted.
Come on, guys, cool it.
From now on, you stop writing us so hard.
You need to use the bathroom, Mr. Hill?
No, no, no.
I just... It's okay.
I'll come back when you're done.
No, no, really.
I'll just do it later.
I insist.
You go to the bathroom immediately.
I will wait outside until you have finished.
Are you still out there?
Yes.
Do you require assistance, Mr. Hill?
No.
For three years now, I've had show turtles, and I've never once put them in a show.
I'm a freaking hypocrite.
Any of you seen my mother?
Well, that depends.
How are you at receiving unspeakably awful news?
Bail!
Oh, there she is.
Wait a minute.
That not her house cleaning outfit.
What did you do that for?
Anybody want to watch the game?
Why, Mama?
Why not instead become bag lady or act as in pornographic film?
Why must you humiliate me in worst way imaginable?
Khan, I do not mean to shame you.
I am an old, lonely woman.
Be a such a big, strong man.
When I in his arms, I feel like delicate little hummingbird and he- There!
Too vivid!
No!
Don't you love me?
Of course I do.
You're my mama.
Khan, if you love me, you will try to love Bill.
We just say it.
I will try to love Bill.
Oh, I swear, Lyoma, I must have been the handsomest couple in that noodle house last night.
Yeah?
You should have seen the way people's heads turned when we walked in together.
I guess there's just something about a couple that's deeply, deeply in love.
Of course, you should have seen the way Lyoma flirted with the Mater D to get us a table.
Bill, stop.
Stop, yeah.
I thought I was going to lose her for a minute there, folks.
Bill, you know I flirt only with you.
That's true.
It's true.
She's like a teenager.
She nearly caused me to hit the guardrail driving home.
Oh, feeling dizzy and short of breath.
I think I'm having a stroke.
No, don't get up.
And call me a crazy dreamer if you want, but are we the only intelligent life in the universe?
I don't think so.
Yes, Miss Peggy.
Explain the pyramids.
You can't.
No, no, no!
For love of all things holy, now my mother swill beer in alley like full-blown redneck.
Relax, Conn.
She happy out there.
And your mother's happiness is the only thing that matters to me.
But what if people at office find out?
Ah, used to be I could go to work and brag about my family.
I tell them, my daughter is genius.
She built perfect replica of lunar module for advanced placement science class.
They have no retort.
Now, anything I say, they counter with, ah, how's that six-toed possum baby your mother have with redneck?
What do you think, Dad?
Does this look like a convincing replica of Harrison Schmidt?
Huh.
Astronaut turned senator.
Now this is the kind of man who should be dating my mother.
Man who conquer moon.
Not man who conquer moon pie.
God, I'm so delighted that you've finally come to see me.
Yeah.
Oh, I wish I could come here under happier circumstances.
Well, any problem of yours is a problem of mine.
Yeah, actually, this one or yours.
See, here's the thing.
My mama has fallen in love with another man, an astronaut.
Which one?
Harrison Schmidt.
Listen, can you fly spaceship?
No.
Then this could be problem.
But, but we're in love.
Oh, come on, Bill.
You know it was only a matter of time before she leave you, like your wife did.
I suppose you're right.
But why didn't you tell me yourself?
Because she pity you.
Yeah, Mama, way too nice to hurt you just so she could find two happiness.
So I guess she just live out her days in miserable, unsatisfying relationship with you.
The important thing is that Bill gets what Bill wants.
Well, really none of my business.
I show myself out.
Yeah.
OK.
Bill?
Are you not well?
I'm okay.
No, something is wrong.
Usually you're licking bottom of boba now.
You are breaking up with me.
Sometimes you have to move on to find true happiness.
New people show up into other people's lives.
Sometimes we're in space helmets, I guess.
This is what you want?
Well,
I think in the long run it's better for both of us, don't you think?
Yes, of course.
Good.
Then we're broken up.
There's a full moon tomorrow night.
Now I guess you can enjoy it with someone who's been there.
What a rush!
Maybe next I'd break up Hank and Peggy.
No!
I'm not going to pretend that I really got you too, but you seemed happy.
Why'd you break up with her?
Well, she was clean.
I was dirty.
Something had to give.
You'll get a new woman soon, Bill.
Remember, you scored with an older chick.
You're the man now.
Oh, no, wait.
I was thinking of high school.
Sorry.
Time to trim my ear hair.
Oh, you're doing laundry.
Good.
Min refuses to iron my socks.
No, Khan.
I am leaving, though I will try to get a few loads done before I go.
Pine and brook acres?
It is a combination retirement home and cemetery.
It's really quite convenient.
Everything perfect now!
Everybody happy!
I am sorry.
But it is too hard to have Bill so close.
And the home will be fun.
I am sure there will be parties where they make us wear little paper hats.
Still undercooked.
Unbefreaken livable.
Damn that, Lelma.
She just waltzes into my life, teases me with labor at slave wages, and then runs off to a nursing home.
No soup?
Where's the fish course?
This isn't right.
I'm the firstborn male.
Look, I should be in the warm tub right now, contemplating.
What the hell are you doing, Bill?
Sorry, it's just that this is where Loma and I first made love.
I don't get it, Bill.
You broke up with Laoma and now you're pining over her?
I only broke up with her because I found out she was involved with an astronaut.
What?
Uh-huh.
Harrison Schmidt.
And I didn't want to stand in the way of her being with such a great guy.
Look, I don't know about any...
Harrison Schmidt?
Really?
Mm-hmm.
Well, look, whoever it is, you just have to go to Laoma, somewhere far away from my front stoop, and make sure you tell her how you feel about her, and that nobody can take care of her better than you can.
Yeah, but Khan said... Don't worry about what Khan or anybody else says.
You've got to take your best shot, and then if she chooses someone else, well, at least you tried.
Look out, Spaceman Bill Dottrieve is coming through.
I hate to see you so unhappy because of Bill Dottrieve, but who knows why he does what he does.
OK, time to waste him.
Bill?
Wait.
Don't go.
I am sorry.
I must.
Where's he taking you, Houston?
Cape Canaveral?
Okay.
Don't treat finally snap.
Come on, we go inside, call 911.
Look, I don't care about you, Rocket Boy, and I don't care what kind of gifts he makes you.
You want to know what I think of him?
Hey!
I never stopped loving you, Loma.
I just wanted to let you find happiness with astronaut Schmidt.
But I know you'll only find true happiness with me.
Oh, Bill.
Wait.
Astronaut who?
Yes, Harrison Schmidt.
Con told me everything.
Con?
Mama, it not what it looked like.
I only did it because the thought of you two together make me sick to the very pit of my stomach.
Oh, come on.
Like you all wouldn't have done the same thing if Doe Tree was after your mother?
No, Lo.
You know, they're not so bad.
They're kind of like those dogs.
They're so ugly, they're almost cute.
Yeah.
sticky stain.
