I heard a funny joke the other day.
It seems a doctor, a lawyer, and a gentleman from Oklahoma.
I told you that joke.
I want to tell it.
You'll just ruin it.
Let Hank tell it.
It's my joke.
I'm gonna tell it.
There was this doctor, and then... That was pretty funny.
Tell it again.
I'm okay, I'm okay.
Whoa, what the heck kind of ball is this?
Sorry, I'm trying out for the lacrosse team.
My son the jock, with me and your mother as parents, I don't know how you got so athletic.
Hey John Redcorn!
Well okay son, just be more careful where you're aiming.
Bill wouldn't stand there, you would hit Hank's truck.
I just want to thank you all again for having me over today.
Bill, any time you have a mild concussion, you are welcome at this dinner table.
Ma, will you pass the taters, please?
What did I tell you about funny voices at the dinner table?
I think he is in character.
The Arlen Public Library presents... Of Mice and Men.
Next Friday and Saturday only.
Of course, you would know that if you read my What's Happening Corner of the Refrigerator.
I'm one of the two leads.
The play's about a hard work and regular Joe and a slow-witted friend.
Yeah, I know a little bit about that.
Perfect!
Maybe after dinner we can rehearse together.
I've been looking for a vehicle for the two of us.
Uh, I'm kind of busy after dinner with dessert and all.
Why don't you ask your mother to help?
She's good at that kind of creative stuff.
Actually,
I'm great at it.
I played the lead in my high school production of Grease.
Danny Zuko.
There you go, Bobby.
Your mom's a substitute actor, too.
You know, I'd love to, but what I really want to do next is direct.
Break a leg, Hank.
Great.
I'm George.
You'll be Lenny.
You want me to tell you about the rabbits?
Is that what I'm eating?
Mabbits?
Because I can't taste the thing with its broken nose.
It's macaroni and cheese, Bill.
Oh.
I did it!
It's the hot Mabbits!
Joseph, you gotta be more careful with that thing.
It wasn't me.
My dad did it.
Thanks a lot, son.
You should try out for the gymnastics team.
You're pretty good at rolling over.
I'm in over my head, Hank.
I ran out of advice after I told him to hold the stick like a giant cigarette.
Heads up, Dad.
Good hands, Mr. Hill.
So what do you do?
You just flick it?
It's all about the follow-through.
Well, so much for rehearsing my play with Dad.
No, honey, I'm sure your father will be back any minute.
He probably went to the hardware store to fix the window so we won't be murdered in our sleep.
Nice one, Mr. Hill.
Nice.
What are you guys doing?
Catching butterflies?
Sorry, Joseph.
I've got to go play Make Believe with Bobby.
Thanks for the tips.
Maybe I can try them out with my dad.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait a minute, Hank.
I noticed when you threw the ball to Joseph that it went to Joseph.
Seems to me that it would be good for him to practice with a man who can do that.
Yeah, I suppose it would, but I'm supposed to rehearse with Bobby and...
Hey, Dale, you always go to that dinner theater with your gun club buddies.
Every Wednesday night.
You think you could give Bobby some pointers on acting?
Could I?
Yes.
Will I?
Yes.
Bobby, good news.
It turns out that Mr. Gribble is one of Arlen's great acting rehearsers, and he's willing to work with you.
Oh.
OK.
So we're doing of mice and men, huh?
I saw the dinner theater version of it.
The roast beef was fantastic.
Warm bulging rain sails languidly tomorrow.
This is a keeper.
That's right.
It's gonna be nice there.
Ain't gonna be no trouble.
No fights.
Nobody ever gonna hurt nobody.
Or steal from them.
It's gonna be nice.
Bravo, Bobby.
Bravo.
That's the best performance since Michael Cain's ether-huffing abortionist in the Cider House rules.
Bobby, I thought your father was going to rehearse with you.
It's okay.
Mr. Gribble's an excellent acting coach.
He's showing me how to channel my disappointment and dad into great art.
Hey, dude.
I mean, Mrs. Hill.
Dale, your son is here for you.
Actually, I came to see Mr. Hill.
Okay, Joseph, tryouts are coming up, so I made you a lacrosse goal.
I used Bobby's stuffed animal hammock in the guardrail from his bed.
Let's go, Bobby, from the top.
And remember, smaller and realer, this isn't guys and dolls.
Hank, you are not Joseph's father.
Dale is Joseph's father.
Actually, John Redcorn is Joseph's father, but Dale doesn't know that.
The point is, you are only his godfather.
You are not supposed to take over for Dale until he is gunned down by federal agents.
That is the agreement.
I'm not taking over.
I'm just helping the boy make a team.
If Bobby were trying out for a team, I'd help him too.
You know very well that is not going to happen.
I know.
Two minutes to curtain.
Take your seats, please.
Can we have everybody sitting down?
Thank you.
Excuse me, is that seat free?
Nope, that seat is reserved for the father of the star of the show.
I am the stage mother, Peggy Hill.
Please clear the aisle.
Sorry, I had to stop by the bathroom to throw up.
Are you as nervous for Bobby as I am?
Dale, if you want to make this a competition, I will win.
So where's your better half?
He must be off dealing with the propane emergency.
As a propane wife, you'd think I'd be used to it by now, but I am not.
Go, Joseph!
Go, Joseph!
Go!
That's my neighbor's boy.
Where's dad?
I was hoping he'd taken for a footage of the game.
I don't think he made it, should.
Maybe he locked himself out of or in something.
Bobby, what a great performance.
Your mother and I have never been prouder of you.
I just wish my dad had been there to see it.
He would have loved it.
What you were doing with your hands in that second scene?
Masterful.
I don't know what to do with my hands in real life.
That's why I smoke.
I solved the hand problem back in high school when I was in Greece.
I kept them in my pockets.
I took them out only to hand dry.
Dad?
Bobby?
Dad?
Joseph?
Well, this is awkward.
Mind if I smoke?
Yep.
Yep.
Ugh, the play.
We really stepped in it and walked around the carpet this time.
Poor Joseph.
Can you send a 13-year-old boy a bouquet of flowers?
Is that appropriate?
Well, if the boy is my boy, you can.
Ah, why am I knocking Bobby?
We're the ones who are having trouble with their kids, communicating the, you know, the emotional what-nots.
Sometimes I ask myself why I even bother.
I mean, it's not like Joseph's even my son.
What?
That's crazy.
Why would you say something like that?
Now that Joseph's hit puberty, the differences are impossible to ignore.
We don't look a lot.
We don't have the same interests.
Oh, come on.
Sometimes I think the only thing Bobby and I have in common is our waist size.
True, but get this.
I recently saw on the Discovery channel that it takes nine months to make a baby.
Well, nine months before Joseph was born, me and my reproductive organs were 500 miles away in Marfa, Texas.
For years alien spaceships have appeared in the skies above Marfa.
The lunatic fringe have dismissed these so-called Marfa lights as swamp gas, experimental aircraft or weather balloons.
So I went on a research trip to debunk these wacko theories.
Nancy had a horrible headache and couldn't travel.
So I asked John Redcorn to stay at the house to protect her while I was gone.
I thought I was being so smart, but I have never been so stupid.
Aw, Dale, I'm so sorry.
The truth has been right in front of me all these years.
Joseph's real father is... Nancy loves you!
An alien!
What?
The aliens knew I was getting too close to the truth.
Exactly what truth?
I have no idea.
But I was close.
They had to do something to distract me.
And what better way than a lifelong distraction?
A child.
So they impregnated Nancy with their highly potent space juice.
As nefarious schemes often do, it worked.
For the past 13 years, I've been too busy raising an alleged son to maintain constant surveillance.
Uh, I really don't think Joseph is an alien child.
Well, I didn't impregnate Nancy, so who did?
Huh?
You got a better explanation?
Uh, well, uh, no.
What other explanation could there be?
Yep, spaceman.
Okay, so the reason why I don't relate to my son is that he is an extraterrestrial being.
I don't know what your problem with Bobby is.
Guess you're just a crappy dad.
Bobby?
I know how important that play was to you and it was wrong of me to miss it.
I wouldn't do that to a customer and I shouldn't have done it to my son.
So get used to this sound.
because I'll be doing a lot of that at your next show.
Well, that's very kind of you, but Mr. Sutter from the bank got transferred to a branch in Dernville, so we have no idiot man child, therefore we have no show.
Dang it, dang it.
I really wanted to see that show.
I heard such good things from your mother.
Dang it.
Oh well.
If you're that good at pretending to be upset, maybe you might be good at pretending to be a gentle giant with the mind of a five-year-old.
Uh, Bobby, I'm no actor.
Yeah, but can you at least act like a dad?
I learned that from Mr. Gribble.
I should have learned it from you.
Okay, I'll do it.
Joseph, I've got something that we really need to... Could you stop doing that thing where you lift the weights?
What do you want?
This is the hardest conversation I've ever had.
Maybe I should just blurt it out.
No, I'll pussyfoot around.
Boy, this weather sure has been- Joseph, you're an alien!
What are you talking about?
Creatures from outer space impregnated your mother.
I am not your real father.
Of course you are!
Just because you're a spaz at playing lacrosse, that doesn't mean- Come on, this is great news!
For two humans, we get along terribly, but for two different species, we're doing mediocre to good.
This doesn't make any sense.
You're telling me I'm from outer space, like E.T.?
Actually, no.
He was a purebred alien and had a heart of gold.
You're only half-alien and at times can be a tad self-absorbed.
You missed my damn tryouts, and now you're calling me self-absorbed?
Oh, God, I have displeased you.
Okay, I'll double- No, triple your allowance, and when your people return to wipe out the human race, maybe you can convince them to spare our lives.
Your mother's sturdy, she can work in the mines.
And me?
Well, I'd make an excellent pet.
And when we put in a crop, why, we'd be there to take that crop up.
We'd know what come of our planting.
And rabbits?
You'd fill up the sack and bring it in and put it in the rabbit cages.
They'd nibble and they'd nibble the way they do.
I've seen them.
We're really good together, Dad.
Hey, let's practice our bowels.
You go first.
Yeah, dad!
Bravo!
Mom, have you got a minute?
What's up, little sugar?
Is dad my real dad?
What?
Of course he is.
Why would you say something like that?
He's your dad.
He's your dad, okay?
He's your dad, okay?
Okay.
Okay.
She was scared, Bobby.
The kind of scared you only see in Earth women who've given birth to half-human, half-alien babies.
Joseph, you are not an alien.
You're being crazy.
I knew you were gonna say that.
Oh, no.
I have ESP.
What's happening to me?
Greetings, your alien excellency.
I bought you a brand new TV.
No reason, just because.
Enjoy.
He's just being nice so my real dad won't freeze him in carbonite and trade him for spice.
It's not like he really wants me here.
Where are you going?
I'm tired of being a freak.
I need to go and live among my own kind.
I need to go home.
Good places, everyone.
Hold on.
Where's Bobby?
I thought he was with you.
No, I had to come early for body makeup.
Oh, no.
Where am I going to find a George at the last minute?
I'll do it.
Wait a minute.
I was just doing this for my son.
If he's not here, I resign my part.
Hank, the show must go on.
We have a roomful of seniors from Garrity and Sun's nursing home, and we may have told them this was Broadway.
I don't want them to be disappointed.
But I...
Lanny, for God's sake, don't drink so much!
That's good.
You drink some, George.
You drink some, too.
I ain't sure it's good water.
Looks kinda scummy to me.
That line could be better.
Who wrote this crap?
This is not like Bobby.
He was so excited about doing the play with you.
Is it possible he got a better part in another play?
That little... If he wanted to make his old man look like a jackass, well, he finally did something right.
The alien has escaped!
What?
Joseph, he's gone to Marfin.
He's taking Bobby with him.
Probably his food.
That UFO place?
Oh, God.
And FYI, BoomHour said he could see your nipples on stage.
Let's go!
I hope my alien dad loves me more than my real dad.
So what happens now?
A flying saucer drops out of the sky, some little green man in a tinfoil jumpsuit says, Gleep glop.
You say bleep bloop and then you live happily ever after.
It's not gonna happen.
Dude, he's coming.
Damn it, Dale.
Why'd you have to tell Joseph he was an alien?
It's the truth, isn't it?
Well, sometimes it's better to keep the truth from someone.
Especially if, you know, they can't deal with it.
I felt the same way when Boomhauer told me I had bad breath.
But since then, I've learned to inhale while I talk.
It's getting cold.
Now, I'm not saying we're wasting time because this is great people watching, but I'm about ready to go.
How's my dad's tractor beam gonna be able to lock in on me if I'm blending in with all these idiots?
Joseph, no stupid UFOs are coming.
The only lights we're gonna see are the lights of an ambulance when they come to pick our cold dead bodies off the ground.
That's Don Hood, the country's top UFO hunter.
He's been abducted three times.
Oh, and that's Duke Greenroy.
He's crazy.
Excuse me, friends.
Would either of you be interested in purchasing some alien urine?
How much?
Half a mayonnaise jar.
Hank, you have half a mayonnaise jar?
Dale, the temperature's dropping.
We gotta find these kids soon.
Hey, buddy, have you seen two 13-year-old boys?
One of them half-alien.
Well, I saw one kid wander out into the desert with his Indian guide.
Oh, God.
Well, thanks anyway.
Hey, you take diners club?
Bobby?
Joseph?
Would you put the jar down and help me look for the kids?
I can't believe I lost Joseph.
I hope his real dad doesn't eat my brain.
But of course he will.
Damn it, Dale, you're his real dad.
No, I'm not.
When Joseph was a baby, who changed his diapers?
You or some alien?
I did.
Who took him to his first day at kindergarten?
I did.
Who taught him how to tie his shoes?
John Redcorn.
Well, okay, but who taught him how to ride a bike?
John Redcorn.
He taught Joseph, and Joseph taught me.
Okay, but I didn't see the aliens doing that stuff.
But you were there for every Christmas morning and scraped knee.
You, Dale.
Any alien can inject someone with his space juice and be a father, but it takes a real man to be a dad.
Oh my god!
The Marphalette!
It's the boys!
Joseph, your dad's here!
I know!
I'm scared!
No!
Your Earth dad!
Dad!
Don't go, son!
I don't want to go!
Then run!
Run away from the line!
Joseph!
Dad!
Joseph!
You can't have him!
He's my son!
Go, go!
Dad, aliens impregnated mom.
That's the given.
But isn't it possible that first they abducted you, stole your genetic material, and then used that to create me?
Recovering?
Recovering?
Recovered memory!
That's exactly how it went down, which means you are my flesh and blood genetic son!
Sorry I missed your play, Dad.
It's alright, son.
I guess you had your own idiot man-child to deal with.
Yeah, that Joseph.
He's really... really like his dad.
Yep.
Those Gribbles are two nuts on the same Sunday.
Hey dad, what's in the jar?
Don't drink it.
