Gracie sure spits up a lot.
She's definitely her father's child.
Wow, this is a particularly good mail day.
Paycheck, Auto Club magazine, jury duty notice.
Oh no, West Arlen Youth Baseball.
Is it already time to sign up Bobby for another season of baseball?
Or maybe this is the year we forget to.
People forget things.
See, Peggy, it's completely believable.
Hank, Bobby loves playing baseball, and soon he'll be all grown up and all we will have is memories.
Ugh, the memories.
That's my boy.
That's my boy.
Boy, huh.
I just can't sit in the stands for another season of parents looking at me with such pity.
This never arrived.
You didn't see anything.
But you're not making any sense.
That did arrive.
I saw something.
Hey, Joseph just told me the baseball forms came.
I can't wait to play!
Now, where did I put that thing you wear on your hand to catch the ball?
I love that thing!
They sure make protective cups look pretty these days.
Bobby might just have to fight me for this one.
Baseball, huh?
So you're really gonna do this again?
Apparently I found the batting gloves.
I won't look at me.
I'm a chicken Hey Hank getting Bobby outfitted for the season.
Uh, yep again Yep, I'm sorry, buddy
Hey, check this out.
South Ireland started up their own baseball league.
Ireland's South Youth Baseball?
Never heard of it.
I don't know anyone who plays there.
Which means nobody knows me.
Or Bobby.
A clean slate.
Get it off me!
Oh!
It's eating my face!
This place is great.
The newly cut grass, the freshly squeezed lemonade, exactly like my childhood should have been.
Skills day.
These kids are being scrutinized and analyzed like a herd of cattle at auction, which makes perfect sense.
Where do you think Kobe beef comes from?
Japanese baseball players.
Uh-oh, was that Chet McKay?
Ah, no.
Just another idiot with adult braces.
Well, I think it's safe to say I don't know anyone here.
I'll tell you what, it's nice to make a fresh start.
I feel like a serial killer who relocated to Mexico.
Number 231, Bobby Hill.
Okay, Bobby.
Be discreet.
Hi there.
Are you Bobby's father?
I'm Coach Bradford.
Bobby will be playing for me on the Stingers.
Ah, hello, Coach.
Uh, you know those chubby kids that can't run but can whack the hell out of a ball?
Well, Bobby's not one of them.
Uh, sorry if he cost Janney wins.
In my experience, only losers talk about winning.
Winnings for losers.
I'm about support and opportunity.
I don't make wins, I make winners.
Delicious, nutritious winners.
And the happy byproduct is, by the time I'm done with your son, he's gonna be a hell of a ballplayer.
Well, I appreciate the effort, but I know Bobby, and that's not really realistic.
Of course it is.
That's what this organization is all about.
See, ASYB is a strong network of parents and volunteers all with one goal.
Making better ballplayers and better children.
Parents and volunteers?
Can anyone make better children even if they never made children?
Sure can.
Non-parental volunteers are the most dedicated and admired members of our team.
I'm in!
Take that, big brothers!
Okay, Bobby, this is a pitch-and-go drill.
He pitches, you swing, and go.
Hit, no hit, you go.
Got it?
You hit, and what do you do?
I go.
You sure do!
And not just the first base, but to every goddamn dream you'll ever chase!
Lick it out!
Lick it out!
Lick it out!
Lick it out!
Lick it out!
Lick it out!
You are a child with potential!
You are a reservoir of hope!
You are a winner!
I am proud of you!
You're making me proud of me too!
About your outfit, Bill... No.
Now wear Arlen's South Youth Baseball on the outside because I'm Arlen's South Youth Baseball on the inside.
Hey, Bobby, how was practice?
Brutal.
I hurt in places you're always talking about.
Does that mean you want to quit?
Because you can.
You can quit baseball forever.
Quit?
No, I love it.
But right now, I'm too tired to make it to the house.
Because Sue will put out a large coat so no one drives on me.
Well, this is the game right here.
Tying and winning runs in scoring position.
A hit we win, an out we lose.
Hello Hills!
Good to see you here.
Hey, you look thirsty.
Can I point you toward the snack stand?
I find nothing quenches the thirst quite like a drink.
from the snack stand.
No, Bill, we're good.
We brought water.
Oh.
Just go to the snack stand, reach into the till, and help yourself to the money we rely on to keep this great program afloat.
Next stop, Bobby Hill.
What?
They're putting Bobby in?
He hadn't played all day, and now the coach is putting him in with two outs?
Woo!
Oh, yeah, Bobby!
Show them what you got!
No, Bobby, don't!
He did it!
He accidentally did it!
That's as many hits as he had the last two seasons combined.
Well, I got a hand it to you, Coach.
I thought you were crazy putting Bobby in there, but you must have known what you were doing.
Yeah.
This is what happens when you support a child.
Huh?
See, I haven't given up on Bobby the way you have.
Poor kid.
Shameful.
There should be a law.
I can't believe he said I gave up on Bobby.
I mean, maybe I have, but it wasn't all at once.
It was a slow, painful process.
I always dreamed that Bobby might be the hero on the ball field one day, and then when it finally happened, I couldn't enjoy it.
Did you give up on your son?
Yes.
Was it particularly bad parenting?
Yes.
The important thing is you still have time to overcompensate.
Well, I'm gonna start fresh with Bobby.
From now on, I'm gonna support him no matter what.
You are truly one of the best fathers who gave up on his son and changed his mind about it that has ever lived.
You're really gonna help with practice, Dad?
I thought you gave that up back in T-Ball that day.
I struck out looking.
Well, what should we do?
Why is he just standing there?
That'll down to strike three, man.
Well, the past is the past.
The important thing is I'm here right now.
There he is!
Great Pobito!
We're here, coach.
Ready for practice.
All right, Bobby.
Go do some sprints.
So you want me to shag some balls or chalk the field or lead a pepper drill?
Where do you want me?
As far from the field as possible.
You come from a position of negativity, and I want you to report to someone who understands what we're trying to do here.
Bilt-o-treev!
Maybe some of his winning attitude will rub off on you!
I need to talk to you about Coach... Shhh!
No, no, no, no!
You listen to me.
You will double the salt, or you will find a new place to peddle your sunflower seeds.
Goodbye!
Yes, sir.
How may I help you?
I came here to help with practice, but Bradford won't let me on the field.
All I want to do is just watch my son play baseball.
Really?
Last I heard you wanted to see him quit baseball.
Watch it, Bill.
I'm just looking for an ass to kick.
I'll give it to you straight, Hank.
You're seen as a negative influence around here.
Before anyone lets you on the baseball field, you're going to have to prove yourself.
Show your commitment to the league.
Dang it, Bill.
How am I supposed to do that?
Large suicide extra diet.
Diet?
You can't put diet in a suicide.
It'll ruin it.
What button turns off the commentary?
Just pour it, jerk.
Hey, isn't that the guy you gave up on his kid?
Yeah, I wish he'd give up on the snack stand too.
Hello, Hank.
I'll have a cheeseburger.
Hold the lettuce, pickles, cheese, and meat.
And instead of special sauce, I'd like very special sauce.
Dang it, they'll move.
Hank, this is not the kind of service I expect from my employees.
I am not your employee.
Do you ever want to get on the field to see Bobby play?
A cheeseless, burgerless cheeseburger.
How'd you like that cooked?
Come on, Bobby!
You're a rainbow!
The fastest rainbow in the world!
Woo!
A personal best by .02 seconds!
That is how you do it!
You're gonna be in the Major League someday!
All right!
Hey Bobby, I was wondering if you wanted to hit the batting cages.
What are you doing?
I'm practicing my baseball card stance.
Coach said that one day if I work really hard, I could be a major leaguer.
What?
I should start figuring out what team I want to play for.
Chicago has great fans, but New York has the nightlife.
Well, I'm glad you're excited, but it takes a lot of ability and whatnot to be in the big leagues.
Wait, are you saying you don't believe I can do it?
Because coach sure thinks I can.
Look, I'm glad you're having fun, but the big leagues is quite a stretch.
It's just, I just, I don't want you to be disappointed when it definitely doesn't happen.
I'm sorry, Dad, but I've set my mind to it, and that means with enough hard work and dedication, it'll happen, right?
Well, son, uh... I think you should play for the Yankees.
Hey, let's jump some stick there, boy!
You know, Hank, staring out the window sure isn't proving your commitment to the organization.
Dang it, Bill.
I need to talk to you about Coach Bradford.
He's raising Bobby's expectations, and that's the wrong direction for that boy's expectations to go.
Uh-huh.
There's a little bit of positivity, a bad thing.
Well, sometimes, yes.
This isn't gonna end well.
Bradford's just setting Bobby up for one big fall.
Unbelobs, better get back on task if you want to get back on that field.
Now, I'm off to get wind and dine by the sunflower seed people.
So, you'll have to answer my calls.
If there's an emergency, you can reach me on my cell phone.
Understood?
Dang it, what did I miss?
How'd Bobby get to third?
Hello?
It's Bradford.
Who's this?
Bobby's unsupportive dad.
Uh, yes?
Listen, the assistant coach had to leave.
I'm shorthanded out here.
Maybe you can make some calls, find someone to help out on the field.
Why don't I come down?
Uh, I believe a child's potential is like a flower.
Properly nurtured and watered, it can get, um, really good at baseball.
Uh, I don't know.
Do you have Bill's permission?
Yes.
Yes, I do.
Definitely.
Dad, you missed it!
I looked alive out here!
I looked alive!
Well, I'm not gonna miss any more.
We're, uh, short a few boys.
Mind standing in a catcher?
Huh, not a bit.
I played some catcher, uh... Yeah.
Nice grab!
Be ready in the outfield, Bobby.
He can really give it a ride.
Damn, that kid's fast.
Nice scoop.
My God, we might have a play at the plate.
Plays at home, plays at home!
Yeah!
He's out of there!
Mr. Hill ain't a cheat!
I understand you're Hank Hill.
Yes.
Speak into the microphone, please.
Look, I'm sorry I hurt that boy.
But it's not like he had to go to the hospital or anything.
I hid him in the helmet for God's sake.
If I may, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Hill, the boy may not have lost any blood, but he lost something more important, his innocence.
Not all because you lied your way onto that field.
That, sir, was your greatest defense.
Fine, I'll go back to the snack stand.
No, you won't, Mr. Hill.
You are hereby banned from Arlen South Facilities for life.
Well, I just got off the phone with the mother of that boy I hit.
She said he's okay.
She also said some other stuff, but not in language I care to repeat.
She's an emotional woman.
I am so sorry you can't be there to watch Bobby's game.
I'll record the whole thing.
And here, let me get a shot of you so we can remember how sad you were.
Uncle Hank, don't think of it as being banned from the baseball league.
Think of it as being welcome everywhere else.
Hey son, don't forget your batting gloves and your bubblegum jaw.
And listen, I just want you to know I really wish I could be at your game today.
Dad, it's okay you're not coming.
His coach is gonna be there.
I'm not gonna lie, I'm sensing some tension here.
And I'm not gonna lie, I'm kind of enjoying it.
Now, talking about old Donald Hank, man, building up don't kind of wrong, man.
Well, thanks, Boomhauer.
I'm glad someone here is making sense.
You think I'm unfair, Hank?
Just be glad I'm allowing you contact with Bobby at all.
OK, that does it.
I have had it with you.
Now, do you have somewhere to be?
Because I'd like to know what direction I should kick your ass in.
Now, I have to go, anyway.
It's almost time for the game.
And unlike some people, I'm allowed to be there.
Oh, guess what?
Bobby's starting today.
Too bad you can't see it.
Bobby's starting?
He hasn't started in years.
Remember when the stomach flu was going around?
Bobby's team could only field eight players and he still didn't start.
They actually had a kid playing Lentur Field.
Dang it.
This is a huge moment for Bobby.
I am not gonna miss it.
Come on, stingers!
Let's do this!
I'm so proud of my little rut fielder.
You know, outfield is the new infield.
Batter up!
I got it!
Come on, Bobby, catch this.
Way to get under it, Bobby!
You're a heck of a ball player!
Way to swarm the ball, Bobby!
That's what I'm talking about!
But I missed.
That kiddin' right is a mess out there.
Weak right failed!
What?
Hit it to right!
This is horrible.
I can't let Gracie watch.
Come on, coach!
Pull, Bobby!
What the hell are you doing?
Come on!
Hey, Bobby!
You can do this!
Coach!
Coach!
Time out!
I'm getting killed out here!
You gotta take me out of the game!
I'm not giving up on you, Bobbino!
Now get out there and give it everything you have!
Dang it, Bradford's just gonna let him squirm out there.
I can't look.
What happened?
Did he catch it?
Oh my gosh.
He went invisible.
I don't blame him.
Nope.
He got taken out.
The coach didn't know what was good for Bobby, but his father did.
Thank God you came, Dad.
That must be what it feels like in baseball hell.
I guess that means I was never any good, was I?
Well, no, son, you weren't.
But, you know, there's lots of stuff you are good at, like video games and comedy.
You should be very proud of your comedy.
You know what?
I am.
So, do you think there's a chance I would have caught that last fly ball?
No.
Me neither.
About your outfit, Bill?
No.
