I have done it, Hank.
I have finally done it.
I have gotten someone to respond to my letter.
You see, Peggy, you just needed to find a pen pal with as much free time as you have.
No.
I sent song lyrics to every major country music star, and I finally got this from Mr. Randy Travis.
Randy Travis?
Okay.
Dear songwriter, we regret to inform you blah, blah, blah, legal reasons, blah, blah, never read it, blah, blah, blah.
Okay.
Once again, good luck with your songwriting career.
Signed Rob Readers of the Law Firm Readers and Anatole.
Huh.
Kinda sounds to me like Randy Travis' lawyer sent you a rejection letter.
Oh, Hank, they have to say that.
Travis loved my lyrics.
He called me a songwriter.
He said I have a career in front of me.
And you know what?
He is right.
We've had many great suggestions for our church bus trip this year, and we've decided to go to Country Music Fanfare in Nashville, Tennessee.
I win!
That was my suggestion.
Thank you, Assistant Pastor Rayburn.
For those of you who don't know, I am Peggy Hill.
And Fanfare is a four-day festival where we will get to meet our favorite country music stars, including my friend, Randy Travis.
Okay, may God look upon you with kindness and give you peace.
Amen.
You are now dismissed.
Connie, I'm gonna miss you so much.
I got you this phone card at the mall.
It's good for 10 minutes and has Tony Danza's picture on it.
Connie, my girl, Buddha broke the mold when he made you.
Okay, people!
Two-minute warning!
Please see me for your seat assignments before you get on the bus.
I was planning to let people sit wherever they wanted, like church.
Church is not a field trip.
As a substitute educator, I know field trips, and as a country songwriter, I also know Nashville.
Oh, Peggy, I'm the assistant pastor of this congregation, and I did go to Divinity School in Nashville, where I wrote a hymn or two.
Yes, but you did not get a letter from Randy Travis, and I did.
fanfarers and fanfaries.
I will be calling out various highlights of our 14-hour trip to Nashville.
Our first stop will be the world's largest fiberglass raven, which is also the largest raven I have ever seen.
Congratulations to Eustace Miller, who came closest with a guess of 61.
The number I was thinking of was 64.
Yes!
Hank, is she going to play camp counselor through the entire state of Arkansas?
Oh, come on, Dale.
She's just having fun.
Think of another number, Peggy.
Hello, Mr. Super Newts and Pone.
Is Connie there?
Connie?
Uh, she's not here.
She's, uh... Where is she?
If Connie wants to go swimming all afternoon with Chen Wa-sa-da-sa-ng, that's her business.
Enjoy your hillbilly festival.
Hey, this is Tony Danza.
You've got eight minutes left.
On behalf of Fanfare, let me be the first to welcome you with a little song written by Peggy Hill.
Fanfare can be funfare, but if you don't wait, you turn in a line.
Well, that's unfair.
Thank you.
Dinner's ready.
I hope you brought your appetites.
We are having spa Peggy and Meatball.
Did she say spaghetti?
Well, spaghetti is a lot like spaghetti.
I'm not sure what Peggy does different, if anything, but it's the one dish she's kind of made her own.
Well, hey there, cowboy.
Now, who's this pretty gal, your wife?
We're not married.
We're just seven, ten.
And we're cousins.
Can you just sign our books and we'll be on our way?
Whoa, what's the trouble, Bubble?
Oh, I think my girlfriend left me.
Oh, ladies and gentlemen, it's gonna be just a little while.
We got a situation here.
So every time you call Mr. Superphone, it tells you that Connie's out with his chain fella.
He said for the first time in her life, Connie is actually happy.
That sounds like her daddy is using his chain to yank your chain.
Kicks is right.
Heck, I got a teenage daughter at home, and every time her boyfriend calls, I say she's out with Brad Pitt.
I love Brad Pitt.
You got it so lucky.
No, Luanne, don't you get it?
Connie and I are back together.
Look, look, it's really him.
It's Randy Travis, just like on the album cover.
Oh, take a picture of me giving him my lyrics.
Someday my fans will want to remember this moment.
Wait.
Oh.
Oh.
I'll take my sandwich now.
What you see is what I'll always be.
This is just a part of me.
You know, there is a line here.
What the?
You stole my song!
No, no, no.
No, you don't understand.
I am not the bad guy.
Hank, will you say something?
Why did you punch Randy Travis?
This is just the way God made me.
I wrote that.
Excuse me, fellas.
Hold up a second.
I'm Mr. Travis's manager.
Randy would like to speak to the lady.
and we completely understand if you don't want to give us an autograph.
I have proof of your thievery.
You said I had a promising songwriting career.
Now, how do you plead?
I don't plead anything, ma'am.
I never saw your song.
This is a form letter from my guard dog lawyers.
If I had a dime for every song a fan sent me, I'd be Dolly Parton rich.
Well, that explains it.
Thank you.
Not to me it does not.
You think this is the first time two songwriters came up with similar lyrics?
Stand by your man, Tammy Wannett.
Understand your man, Johnny Cash.
Do you see a pattern here?
Yes, but this is just the way God made me is uniquely Peggy Hill.
You see, I grew up in Montana and I had very big feet.
I still do.
And when other kids would make fun of me, my grandma told me to tell them, this is just the way God made me.
And today, I am able to pass that wisdom onto my students.
You see, I am a boggle champion and a substitute teacher.
Good for you, teaching is important.
Hank, what do you do for a living?
I sell propane and propane accessories.
Ah, propane sells me.
Now that's something that would make a good song.
I have been saying that for years.
Me too.
Bobby, I put out two of your mom's apple brown betties.
Now, I'm no math magician, but there's only one here now.
Did you eat the other one?
I can see how you might jump to that conclusion given last night's cupcake incident.
And yes, I did take the apple brown betty.
But it's for Brooks and Dunn to thank them for easing my pain.
Lord, thank you for the food we're about to eat, for the quick moving line at the Sawyer Brown booth, for the calm skies.
And please, God, please punish Randy Travis for stealing my song.
And Ms.
Faith Hill strained her vocal cords, cheering on her team at the celebrity softball game.
Her team still lost, thanks to a costly error by Garth Brooks.
As pretty as faith is, we've got someone almost as pretty, Mr. Randy Travis!
I'm surprised Randy Travis isn't still at the game stealing bases.
Oh, come on, Peggy.
This is our vacation.
Can't we just have a good time?
Look, you can have whatever kind of time you like.
I am gonna sit here and boo.
Would a couple of beers help the situation?
Boo!
Boo!
Sure would help me.
Careful where you step, Lisa.
That John Michael Montgomery's been riding that horse of his around here.
Dad, gum it, John Michael.
Clint, I don't want a horse for my birthday.
Oh, you got it, honey.
Ideally, I would have gotten works and done matching fanfare water bottles, but I didn't have $40.
This brown beddy was priced to move.
What are you doing?
Just step it back in the pan.
Nobody will know the difference.
Excuse me, partner.
You might if I step in front of you.
Well, I've been waiting it.
Oh, my God, you're Charlie Daniels.
Mr. Daniels, I'm a huge fan.
It would be an honor to let you cut in front of me.
Well, I appreciate it.
I tell you what, won't you let me get you something, too?
What are you drinking?
Oh, an Alamo, please.
Let me have a Coke with no ice and an Alamo for my new friend here.
That'll be $4, Slim.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
You're very kind.
Hey, this next one's got a little story behind it.
When I was a kid, you see, I spent a lot of time in Montana.
Cold, cold winter's up there.
And when I was about nine or 10, my feet were growing just a little bit faster than the rest of them.
What?
I mean, I had big feet.
We're talking like bozo size folks.
And when the other kids would make fun of me, you see, my dad, who I might have, was a substitute school teacher, told me, you tell them, this is just the way God made me.
My story.
Two, three, four.
I have a Bible trophy on my bedroom shelf.
Hey!
Hey!
So I called and Connie's dad answered.
I disguised my voice and said I was from Who's Who in American Middle School students.
He put me right through.
That only works once.
And thanks for the brown Betty.
Thanks for boots getting buggy.
All right, let's dig into that Apple Betty.
Hey, get your own.
The boy gave it to me.
It was meant for both of us.
Well, you kept the sweater that gal from Syracuse gave us.
Well, how am I supposed to share a sweater, Kix?
You want me to rip it in half?
This is good pie.
Where were you?
Travis told my story.
He said that it happened to him.
He stole Boggle, he stole Montana, he stole my big feet.
Shhh!
Who said that?
Who?
Who said that?
Alright, let's go outside.
I cannot believe you are siding with Travis.
I am your wife.
Look, I believe you believe you wrote that song.
And I believe you believe he stole your story, but that doesn't make it true.
So, I'm a liar?
Why would I make this up, Hank?
Well, Peggy, you've got a pretty high opinion of yourself.
Oh, and I should have a low opinion of myself?
Is that what you're saying?
No, no, not at all.
It's just that you've done so much in your life, you don't need to take credit for things you haven't done.
Like writing that song and, you know, the other stuff.
What other stuff?
Well, like dinner.
I mean, I think it's cute that you call it spa-peggy and meatballs.
But, you know, it's just noodles and tomato sauce and balls of meat.
But then I add just the right amount of sugar and grated Parmesan cheese.
Okay, when we were setting up camp, you said that in your opinion, kindling is the best wood to start a fire.
Isn't it, Hank?
Of course it is, but it's not your opinion.
It's a known fact.
Now you say Randy Travis is taking your childhood and calling it his own.
It's getting crazy.
So now I'm crazy?
Well, gray area.
I told you the truth, Hank.
If I am lying, may God strike me down right now.
This is Mockingbird calling the sparrow.
Hi, Dale.
Use code names, Bill.
I'm Mockingbird.
Sorry, Dale.
Oh, hey, Peggwin.
Where's the big bird?
Hank and I are spending the rest of Fanfare apart because of Randy Travis.
He took me back to his trailer and lied to my face.
I'd like to spit on that trailer.
Ah, what would that solve?
We ought to wrap the trailer in toilet paper.
I think I have some leftover from the Billy Ray Cyrus job.
Yes, I like that.
I like that a lot.
All right, just one more.
Then I've got to go find Peggy.
Everybody smile.
You're not smiling, Mr. Brooks.
Mawkingbird, this is the Pegwind.
We are at 50% issue coverage.
Morale is high.
House Travis.
Contained.
I will secure an autograph made out to all of us.
It will be our alibi.
Okay, Bill.
Throw it.
Throw it back over.
I did a minute ago.
It should have landed by now.
Oh, boom, Howard.
Give me a boost.
No, it's okay.
I'll get it.
Do you see it?
Well, it never would have happened if he hadn't stolen my song.
Hey!
Hey, somebody help get me out of here!
And remember, not one word.
As I like to say, what is done is done.
Peggy, where have you been?
We dumped Randy Travis's trailer in the lake.
You what?
They stole Peggy's song.
Look at handsome Randy Travis.
I'd like to see his chiseled face when he goes back to that trailer.
Where are you looking, Dale?
Randy Travis' booth is empty.
No, uh-uh.
I got his autograph.
It's our alibi.
This says, best regards the Oak Ridge boys.
It-it ain't the one with the beard.
The door's locked.
I can't get out.
Please be okay.
Please, please be okay.
Why would he toilet paper and then drive his own trailer into the lake?
Puzzling.
Oh, Hank, what is taking so long?
I was taking a nap.
Trader Mister, come off the blocks.
Next year, I'm gonna hire somebody to set it up.
Hank, I am so, so sorry.
Peggy said it was an accident, but I don't know.
She thinks Randy Travis stole her song lyrics, and maybe that sent her over the edge.
Hank Reverend Shuler once delivered a sermon that came straight from my Christmas card, but I didn't throw a rock through the crystal cathedral.
Well, I might have made things worse.
I said some awful things to her, Pastor Larry.
I told her she's not as great as she thinks she is.
Better she hears it from someone she loves.
Maybe she did try to drown Randy Travis.
No, what am I saying?
She'd have to be crazy.
But maybe the fact that her husband didn't support her could have
No, Peggy's not crazy.
Right?
So, Doc, in your opinion, had he shared some of the brown Betty, would he have gotten quite this sick?
Ronnie, please.
I'm very ill.
What was in that brown Betty, anyway?
Um, I don't know.
My mom made it.
Hey, Peggy, what are you doing here?
Randy Travis is going to bring Uncle Hank up on stage any minute to thank him for saving his life.
Well, Hank doesn't want me anywhere near the final jam concert.
He said he was afraid I'd take a swing at Faith Hill for stealing our last name.
One more time for Martina McBride!
Thank you.
This next act has been featured on the cover of over 20 million boxes of cornflakes.
Ladies and gentlemen, done!
to Hank Hill Love Winona.
Thank you.
I'm gonna hang this in my garage.
Now you'll think about what I said.
I was raised with charcoal.
I'll die with charcoal.
So back off.
Mr. Hill, I'm Trooper Larson with the Tennessee State Police.
We received a tip that your wife Peggy Hill might try to harm Mr. Randa Travis.
A tip?
Who told you that?
I did.
What?
You can't do that.
I'm sorry, Hank.
Your wife's nuts.
She's a threat to others.
We don't know that.
Nobody can really replace Kicks Brooks, but would y'all mind if Randy Travis gave it a try?
Mr. Hill, do you know where your wife is?
Do you see something, sir?
There she is.
That's Peggy Hill.
Mrs. Hill!
Oh, no.
Peggy, I thought we agreed you weren't gonna come to the final jam concert.
I'm here to see Randy Travis.
I have something special to give to him.
Ma'am, I'd like you to come down to the police tent with me.
What?
Well, I'm here to apologize.
Look, I brought him an apple-brown Betty.
Homemade.
All right, you see that?
It's just a pie.
No knife, even.
Apple Brown Betty.
Kicks Brooks was poisoned by a homemade Apple Brown Betty, fitting this description.
Peggy, what did he do to you?
This is Larson.
I'm gonna need backup.
This is Mockingbird.
Who's Larson?
Ma'am, place the baked goods on the table and take a step back, please.
Why are you looking at me like that?
Randy Travis stole my song, but I am not going to kill him.
I am not crazy.
Well, yeah, Peggy.
I mean... Tell them, Hank.
Let's go.
You and your brown Betty are coming down to the station.
Wait, she's not crazy.
I'll just take her home.
No, we have to test the pie.
What if I eat a piece of this brown Betty and I'm okay?
Then it'll prove my wife's telling the truth, right?
Hank!
Don't!
It's for Randy Travis.
Mr. Hill, don't.
There's already one man in the hospital.
Now that is a good piece of pie, I tell you what.
They ought to change the name to Apple Brown Peggy.
No, it's an Apple Brown Betty.
I just had a spoon full of orange juice.
Well, nobody else does that.
And now I'd like to introduce y'all to Hank Hill, a man who taught me just how precious life is.
You see, yesterday my trailer fell in the lake, and just as I was freeing myself, I saw this loyal fan drowning in the water nearby, and I saved his life.
I want to bring him up to sing with me.
Come on up here, Hank.
Well, I'll punch him this time.
Oh, what's the use?
I have a bottle trophy on my paper and a shelf.
I want it on my own with help from no one else.
Still I know that I'm not perfect.
I have a far too.
But there's plenty of love here for you From my head to my side
