Thank you for helping us register for our baby shower, Aunt Peggy.
Well, when I heard you planned to get all your baby supplies at 7-eleven, I decided it was time to step in.
There are plenty of times I wish I had a device to hold me upright in the bathtub.
Got it.
I can't believe that in less than two weeks, I will have a teeny tiny little baby.
There's still so much I don't know.
Well, you don't have to know anything, because I will be giving you and Lucky the greatest gift of all.
My 13 years of experience as a mother.
And a real gift too, right?
Of course.
Thank you, Aunt Peggy.
I guess all I have to worry about is giving birth, and you'll teach me how to do everything else.
That is right.
And take it from me.
Giving birth, Luanne, will be one of the best days of your life.
It was for me, thanks to modern medicine.
Okay, honey, I'm gonna give you a little something for the pain.
Don't worry, Peggy.
I'm here for you.
I did not fully wake up until the ride home from the hospital.
That's what I want Aunt Peggy.
A foggy memory I can treasure for a lifetime.
Welcome to Wannaburger.
I'm Jane.
May I take your order?
You may.
I'd like a triple meat, triple cheese meal with hot lemon pie and a large soda.
That's... That's all the sodas mixed together?
You know what I want?
Of course I do.
You're a regular honey.
Honey?
You're not Jane.
Who's Jane?
The drive-thru lady.
We sort of have a thing.
Well, I'm not supposed to say anything, but the drive-thru people don't actually work here.
But I talk to her every night.
They work out of a call center in Buckeye, Arizona.
It's cheaper that way.
Arizona?
Well, that's where I'll go.
I'll go to Arizona and find her and tell her how I feel.
Okay.
I'm really gonna do it.
Knock yourself out, sir.
Oh, isn't that sweet.
All right.
Time for another game.
Get a paper or tug.
I don't know what this game is, but I bet I win.
Watch this.
For every one of them squares, you owe that baby ten bucks.
But I'm just a kid.
You best pay up, son.
This is a rough-looking crowd.
Yeah, maybe they'd all feel more at home if I served the cake up on cinder blocks.
That must be my baby sister.
Notice how I waited to get drunk?
No wonder she's the last one here.
Most tractors won't go over 10 miles an hour.
Hey, baby sis.
Luanne, this is Myrna.
Myrna, this is my beautiful wife Luanne.
And this is our beautiful baby.
I hope.
Well, it's great to finally meet the both of you.
And you must be Peggy.
Thank you for inviting me into your lovely home.
You're welcome.
And I bet these little ones would like some juice.
They aren't allowed to drink juice.
They'll have water and read a book.
Those kids ain't right.
I must admit, you're not what I expected.
I thought you'd be a lot more... Rustic.
What a polite way to say what I was thinking.
I wasn't happy with the environment in which Lucky and I were raised.
All our family dinners were preceded by my father saying, hey, look what I found.
Well, score one for Nurture.
Oh, and you don't have to worry about these two.
I live right across the street, and I am teaching them everything I know about raising a child.
Between you and me, when Lucky called and said he was going to be a father, I cried right there in yoga class.
See the scar?
It's where my head hit the coffee table when Luann told me.
Did you know Lucky once served me something he called fancy squirrel?
That is nothing.
Luann once got stuck on an escalator.
Well, thank God they have us.
I hear that.
Oh.
Oh.
Bill, I know you're pretty fired up about driving to Arizona for love and whatnot, but you ought to consider your other option, not driving to Arizona.
What Jane and I have is special, Hank.
Too special to let New Mexico keep us apart.
So Bill's taking a solo road trip through the desert.
How much of Bill's body do you think vultures will refuse to eat?
And this one is from me.
Trust me, it will be your breast friend.
I don't get it.
But thank you for the horseshoe shaped pillow.
It will bring the baby good luck.
It's for feeding the baby.
You do realize that you're going to have to feed the baby, right?
With all due respect, Lou Ann and I don't need some fancy pillow to feed our baby.
Monkeys don't need pillows to feed their young.
I'm not following you.
I've watched a lot of nature programs, and it seems to me most of last questions can be answered with another question.
What would a monkey do?
And here is something else for you two.
I saved every single thing that Bobby ever wore, sat in, or spit up on.
I only hope they bring you as much joy as they brought me.
Oh, my gosh.
Thank you, Aunt Peggy.
We meet again, Mr. Giggles.
You're not actually going to give this stuff to Luanne, are you?
Oh, no.
I'm just going to let her borrow it till Bobby has a child.
We've learned so much about parenting since this mobile was made.
It wasn't designed to stimulate baby brain growth.
Oh, you modern mothers.
You need all those gadgets and gizmos.
Back in my day, we had to get by on gumption.
And Bobby turned out just fine.
Yes, and if Bobby is the kind of child Luann wants to raise, she should certainly follow your advice.
Now, hold on.
There is nothing wrong with how I raised my child.
I'm just saying it might be a good idea for Lucky and Luann to take a child care class so they can learn or unlearn whatever they need.
Fine.
Why don't we all go?
Perhaps we'll all get a refresher on what's important to a child and what's just a desperate attempt to prove to the world that you're a good mother.
Fun!
Welcome to Baby Care Basics.
I'm Gloria, your instructor.
We will cover many topics in our course, including how to soothe a teething baby.
Oh, I know this one.
My Aunt Peggy told me.
Scotch on the gums.
No, giving a child alcohol is never advised.
Well, not a lot.
Just enough to take the edge off.
I find if I freeze a peach slice and wrap it in a washcloth, the baby gets soothing pain relief and a serving of fruit.
We will also discuss how to help a baby sleep through the night.
Maybe let someone else answer.
Aunt Peggy told me that one too.
Put it on its stomach and surround it with lots of pillows and blankets so it feels secure.
Oh my, that's outdated information.
We now know that's quite dangerous.
No one should listen to this woman.
In fact, I'm going to take this doll away from you.
I'm not sure I'm comfortable with you practicing on it.
I can't believe that I got kicked out of our baby class.
My baby's going to be here in two weeks.
I don't have time to learn what I need to learn.
We're gonna fix this, baby dog.
I will go to the video store and rent every monkey movie ever made.
No, I will fix this.
I'll have Jason pick up the kids today.
I'll stay here until the baby is born and teach you everything I know, which is a lot.
You do not have to do that.
Yes, things have changed since I had Bobby, but I still know how to raise a child, and there is nothing wrong with any of this stuff.
I think we're going to start listening to Mona now, Aunt Peggy.
It's not that we don't love you, it's just that we want our baby to live.
I have read every book, magazine, and blog dedicated to childcare.
Lucky, you will need to baby-proof this house.
Can do.
When I'm done, not even the wildest of babies will be able to get in here.
And Luanne, I will make sure you have a drug-free, stress-free, hypnobirth.
No, no, no.
Trust me.
You need hard, class-three narcotics.
Drugs are for sick people, Peggy.
Luanne isn't going to treat her baby like a disease, like you did with your son.
It must be cold out there in the desert tonight.
I have my love to keep me warm.
I'll talk to you when I get the truth of consequences.
I have a salad and a diet soda.
Stay in shape, honey.
Honey?
I thought I was honey.
Is that you, Bill?
Not many other honeys do you have.
Is it just him or do you say it to every salad-eating playboy to Taurus?
What?
Goodbye, Jane.
Forever.
Wait, no!
Bill, come back!
You know what?
A lemon pie sounds pretty good.
And this Myrna is filling Lewand's head with all sorts of crazy ideas, and Lewand is soaking them up like a simple, obedient sponge.
Well, Myrna was right about some of these hand-me-downs being dangerous.
I'm not sure pacifiers come painted anymore.
I still have plenty to teach Luanne about being a good mom.
She just won't listen to me.
Luanne needs to learn this stuff on her own.
It might be time to push her out of the nest and get our freedom back.
Come on, Peggy.
Push with me.
Maybe you're right.
Besides, if I fight, I'm gonna lose her.
I will have to bend.
Thanks for helping me, baby-proof, gentlemen.
No problem.
One of the many joys of being a parent is all the stuff you get to assemble and then later disassemble.
Myrna says we're supposed to crawl around to find out what's dangerous.
It's amazing.
To an unsuspecting baby almost anything can become a weapon.
For example, this weapon.
Lucky, I know you care a lot about what your sister says, but maybe it's time you and Luann started thinking for yourselves.
No can do, Uncle Hank.
Choking hazard identified.
I can't wait to show you the new nursery ant, Peggy.
And I cannot wait to see it.
Oh my!
Marina says everything is black and white and red to help the baby see and think.
Really?
I wonder if that's why the Nazis chose those colors.
Over here is the tummy time station where Luanne will give her baby three ten-minute strength-building sessions per day.
And these DVDs are gonna help my baby's brain.
This worm has so much wisdom.
Oh, for God's sake.
That's what it sounds like inside my womb.
It's what you would hear if I swallowed your ear.
Isn't this room wonderful?
Well, I think you captured the... I mean, I think it's...
I think it's awful.
Luan, it's joyless.
It's creepy.
Peggy, this is awkward enough without you critiquing our nursery.
This is Luan's nursery.
And if she keeps listening to you, her kid is going to end up like yours.
A book reading, water drinking robot.
Um, guys?
Not now, Luan.
I think the baby's coming.
Ow!
Why can't Luan just give birth in a goddamn hospital like everyone else?
You are preaching to the choir, Hank.
But no one is asking me anymore.
Well, I guess a waiting room is a waiting room.
Luan, or should I say, Myrna, doesn't want us in a waiting room.
Uh-uh.
She wants everyone with her as she gives birth in that tub.
What doctor agreed to this?
There is no doctor.
The baby will be delivered by a facilitator.
That man in the open robe in Speedo.
This is gonna ruin baths for me forever.
So all these people really have to be here?
Trust me, this is the best way for your baby to enter the world, surrounded by a support network.
If we open up all the windows, can I light a hibachi?
Here comes another contraction.
What do I do?
What do I do?
What do I do?
Okay, deep breaths, Luanne, like we practiced.
You're in a wheat field.
There's a gentle breeze.
Okay.
A breezy, painful wheat field.
Lots of wheat, lots of pain.
I hate this wheat field.
I think I need to walk around.
Excellent.
It's good to walk around during the beginning stages of labor.
Beginning?
Bina, would you get me the N-U-C-D?
You'll need something stronger.
I'll get chanting monks.
Aunt Peggy, can I talk to you?
Get me out of here now.
Consider it done.
We are busting Luan out of here and getting her to a hospital Hold on a minute there.
What if she gives birth in my truck?
You know, there's a limit to what armor all can do Hank this is happening with or without you Bobby you need to cause a distraction.
Do you think you can do that a chance to flex my improv muscles?
I like it wait for Luan signal
Um, Myrna, um, can you get my floaties from my purse?
I can't swim so good.
It's hard to believe in just a few hours we'll have a baby.
And you'll be thin again.
Bobby, now!
Cannonball!
No!
What are you doing?
Get out of there!
This is what happens when you give kids juice!
You're tainting the birthing tub!
Double meat meal, please.
Bill, is that you?
Where have you been?
Not that it's any of your business, but I had lunch at the Lulies, and it was delicious.
Oh, really?
Mm-hmm.
They know how to treat a guy there.
What are we doing?
Why are we trying to hurt each other?
I don't know.
I miss us.
I miss us, too.
I could be there in an hour.
What are you waiting for, honey?
What's going on, baby dog?
Where are we going?
We are taking Luanne away from this glorified hot tub club to a proper hospital.
I want to go someplace where there's doctors and nurses and pain killers.
Now, Luanne, we thought this through.
Myrna said a birthing center was the first step on the road to a perfect baby.
Oh, I am getting in this truck, Lucky, and you could either come with me or you could stay here with Myrna.
I will stick by my mate, which, by the way, is precisely what a monkey would do.
She's onto us!
Let's roll!
All right, everybody in.
I will check you in.
Then I'll go chat up the janitor.
They're the ones who really run these places.
You know what I think about when I accidentally smack myself with a hammer?
The cowboys.
Maybe you should think about the cowboys.
I hope I'm doing the right thing, Uncle Hank.
Everyone keeps giving me advice.
I have ideas too, but no one wants to listen to them.
Well, this is your baby, Luan.
No one else is going to raise it for you, especially not your aunt and me.
Maybe it's about time you started thinking for yourself.
Sometimes I can't tell the difference between thinking and being quiet, but I'll try.
Well, you're going to make mistakes.
Lord knows I must have made some with Bobby, judging by some of the asinine stuff he does.
But you have to start somewhere.
Luan, stop.
We need to get you out of here before it's too late.
Actually, Myrna, we've decided we're giving birth here.
That's right, Myrna.
They have decided to give birth the right way, the Peggy way.
No, wait.
I don't want to do this your way either.
I want to do this my way.
I love you so much, Aunt Peggy, and I want your advice, but Lucky and I need to do this on our own.
I will be right in the waiting room if you need me.
I know you will.
Let's go have a baby, and maybe a huge settlement.
There will be lots of things to slip on when this is all over.
Mmm.
Jay Bill You didn't tell me you were so old you didn't tell me you were so young.
I'm not young.
I'm 17 I'm just gonna drive home now.
Yeah Mm-hmm
I tell you what, this Goofus fella is a dumbass.
Look at me.
I'm on a Japanese subway.
It's a girl.
And she's beautiful.
This is one good-looking baby.
They did a great job cleaning her up.
Oh, you look cute when I tell you what.
She bears a strong resemblance to my side of the family.
Of course that might change once she gets teeth.
So, what's her name?
Well, we have decided to name her after one of our favorite things.
Lasagna.
What?
Lasagna Clinesmith.
They gave you the good stuff, didn't they?
No.
We just like to name Lasagna.
There's no way I'm gonna sit by and let you name your child after- The way in needs to make her own decisions from now on.
But no honey, her name is not gonna be lasagna.
What would a monkey do?
