Hey, Dad, when you go up to give your acceptance speech, do you want me to stand next to you and pretend I'm doing sign language?
Bobby, the Blue Flame of Valor Award is the highest honor the Texas Propane Gas Association can bestow upon any current or active member in peacetime.
Show some respect.
Oh, Mr. Strickland's wife is beautiful.
That's not his wife.
That's Debbie from work.
Pretty girl like that should have been able to get a date.
I hope y'all enjoyed your meal.
I haven't seen so much chicken in one room since the Democratic National Convention.
Nothing.
Now, the first blue flame of valor of this millennium goes to Mr. Hank Hill of Strickland, propane.
Thank you.
As a young boy, I always dreamed of winning the Super Bowl.
Then, as most of you know, that dream was crushed along with my ankle in the Class 2A State Football Championship.
Well, I knocked around for a while, sewed my oats, got a job at Jeans West.
Long story short, one day at JW, I sold a pair of Jordash to a man who had changed my life.
To quote Dr. Luther King, I had another dream, to sell propane and propane accessories.
Dr. King.
The name of the man and the distributorship who made me dream again?
Strickland.
The S stands for service.
The T is for trust.
R is for reliability.
Now the I stands for...
No, it's for integrity.
That's not even the right letter.
That's Mrs. Strybler.
This ought to be good.
Now, Miss Liz, just calm down here.
We're in public.
You are in public with this little bimbo in front of half our Christmas card list.
Are those my mother's earrings?
C is for, uh, compassion.
I want you out of the house and out of the lake house.
Out of the lake house?
I'm sorry I stole your thunder, Hank.
Please, start over.
Now where was I?
D for done.
Hank, my office.
Pronto.
Come on in, Debbie.
Now we gotta move fast.
Hank, give me whatever cash you got.
Uh-huh, son.
You just bought yourself a barbecue joint.
I hereby transfer 100% ownership of Sugarfoot's barbecue to Hank Hill.
Yeah, that's right.
And after my divorce is final, you'll therefore transfer 100% ownership back to me.
And Miss Liz can't have half of what I don't own, you see.
You saw me, don't you?
Sir, I didn't even know you owned sugar-foots.
That place is an institution, I tell you what.
You got your sawdust on the floor, the brisket served up on butcher paper.
Dang it, Hank, this ain't poor tonight.
Now, don't worry.
If the place runs itself to help make some barbecue, I'll make the money.
Now, go tell Joe Jack come get his new Evan Roode outboard and take Roger his scimitar with you.
With the power vested in me by the great state of Texas, I hereby notarize this beer coaster.
Congratulations, Hank.
You own a barbecue restaurant.
And because we live in a community property state, I own half.
So in addition, congratulations to me.
Now listen here, children.
We're a family.
Now, daddy still calls the shots, but Debbie's your new mama.
Ah, shoot.
Pleasant morning to all y'all.
My name's Jewel Crawford, attorney-at-law.
Not in the wall about you, you sorry sack of sacred.
Sticks and stones, Buck.
That's all you're gonna be left with.
Well, you must be the adulterous correspondent in this divorce.
Aren't you pretty?
I see how you can make a weak man stupid.
Thank you.
Judge Yarborough sends his best regards, and this.
It tells you when you gotta leave, which is now, and where you gotta go, which is out.
There, you all caught up.
Got it, Miss Liz.
Let go my egos.
I'm sorry you had to hear that, Miss Liz.
Now you, drag yourself out that door before my ostrich boot, put your egos back in the toaster.
Thank you, too.
Mm, got that.
Dammit, you stay here.
I need you to be my eyes and ears.
I'm his aznears.
Yes, but your butt belongs to me.
Because from now on, I am the Strickland in Strickland propane.
Look, Ms.
Strickland, I believe in being direct.
So, uh, well, can you just fire me now?
I figure you probably want to bring in your own people.
My people shop.
Relax, Hank.
I, and my lawyer, want this business to be profitable.
I can't do that without you.
I need you on my team.
Hmm.
Well, I do love teamwork.
Hank, what's the worst job on this team?
Worst paying or most degrading?
Ah, hell, it's the same for both.
Tank wipe.
Debbie!
You're on tank wipe!
Ugh, sawdust.
Hey, Wayne.
Hey, Bobby.
Oh, this place has so many possibilities.
Hello, my name is Peggy Hill.
I am the new owner of Sugar Boots.
What happened to Mr. Buck?
Oh, Mr. Buck is going through a nasty divorce.
So, he sold this restaurant to me and my husband, who will be a silent partner.
Okay, I'm not meeting ya.
Well, I have not met you yet because you have not told me your name.
Well, that there's ever a sauce man.
Bubba, he served a barbecue bean, okra, coleslaw, what have you.
That murals, she take the money.
I'm Little John, I cut me.
Well, it is very nice to meet you, Little John.
As my first order of business, I want you to know that you are no longer employees.
You are now teammates on Team Peggy Hill.
And I am your captain, Peggy Hill.
Uh-huh.
That'll be fine.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm looking for building 25, apartment 318D.
There's it.
Yeah, I'm in here, old top.
Huh.
You know, Debbie's place is right next to Sugarfoot's.
That's a coincidence.
No coincidence.
I like to eat.
I like to hump, and I don't like to drive.
So I built Sugarfoot's next to the singles complex.
Have a seat.
That's my Italian scattergun.
That gun, that saddle, them boots, one measly box of cash, that's all I could hide from my wife and that damn jewel, Crawford.
Oh, eBay has a smoky and abandoned Screamin' Eagle Black Trans Am Hot Wheels still on the blister pack.
Hey, Buck, can I borrow $400?
This is Debbie's roommate, Laura.
It's Gail.
Here's where I'm gonna stick my light, my firebird.
You're gonna shut up now is what you're gonna do.
Dang it, I'll lose my peek, I'm saying this.
That was dinner.
Hank, let's do something nice for our Thomas, huh?
Uh, what would you recommend if none of this looks good?
Crips and Jack.
And the Florentine for Madam.
I can remember.
Barely.
When waiters didn't call me Madam.
Looks like you need a refill.
Hank, I can forgive my husband's benders and the profanity and his inappropriate comfort with all aspects of the human body, but it's the women, Hank.
My purse of forgiveness is finally empty.
Oh, please, don't make me chew sides.
Mr. Strickland's been very good to me, and I've worked for him as long as he's been cheating on you.
We both deserve better, Hank.
I'd like you to have this.
Hank Rutherford Hill.
I'm making you manager, and I'm giving you a raise.
Wow.
Manager?
Well, I hope you won't pass the cost of my raise onto the customer.
You.
Welcome to our very first team meeting.
Now, this is our new suggestion box.
It is a way for each of us to anonymously suggest ways we can whip this place into shape without fear of losing your job.
Oh, someone's already made a suggestion.
This is exciting.
Sweep out the sawdust and put down carpet.
Carpet text is having another going out of business sale.
Excellent.
Approved.
You know, that box would work better if you cut a hole in the top.
Mm-hmm, possibly.
Now, in addition to the anonymous suggestion, I have a few thoughts of my own.
Elvin, when customers walk into Sugarfoot's, what's their first thought?
I'm hungry?
Uh-uh.
It's... Why isn't this place good enough to be a chain?
Now, my own experience tells me that people are willing to sacrifice individuality for comfort and familiarity.
And in his autobiography, Wendy's founder, Dave Thomas, agrees.
I like them square hamburgers.
Exactly.
Now, everyone, please open up your chore envelope.
Hello.
Oh, hi, Ms.
Strickland.
Uh-huh.
A propane emergency?
Come in, Hank.
There seems to be a propane leak in the master bathroom.
Huh, is it the whirlpool or the heater?
You're the professional.
I just know it's not hot enough in there.
Yet.
Sounds like the heater.
Huh.
This might be electrical.
I knew you were the right man for the job.
You know, I gotta be honest with you, Ms.
Liz.
I was worried when you took over at Strickland.
Could you pass me more of those bath beads?
Oh, sure.
And I didn't want to have to leave Strickland.
Is that champagne?
And these are two glasses.
Huh.
Uh, yep.
A backup glass in case one of them breaks.
Hank, let's get in there and make some soup.
Hank, I am so embarrassed about last night.
You're a real gentleman and I was a little less than a lady.
I'll try to be patient with you and with my desires.
Well, you know, there's no personal... It was my fault, and I'm turning over a new leaf.
Now, here's your new manager's uniform.
Put it on and let's go into the showroom.
In recognition of his dedication to this company, I have promoted Hank Hill to be the new manager of Strickland Propane.
Boy toy!
Boy toy?
I don't even know what that means.
It means you're Miss Liz's Debbie.
Hey.
See you around, Debbie.
Now if you say it's free, David, you sure have a cat down this drain?
I haven't had time to do anything except be your wife's slave.
Buck, you gotta do something.
You on your own, Debbie.
I can't help you no more.
Well, I'm tired of wiping tanks all day to support this home.
While you sit there like a king, watching all my children with gale.
Geez.
Now, I am not a history buff, but I tell you, I don't remember Louis XIV spending his days pulling hippie hair out of drains.
You're out of tortilla chips, buck.
Well, that's it.
Demi, get me my flip flops, I'm going to shave in the pool.
Thor, baby, don't suspect the thing about Miss Liz.
There is nothing to suspect.
I haven't done anything except my job.
Well, you can kiss that goodbye, unless you kiss Ms.
Liz in a pleasing manner.
You could call the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
Or you could just put out, Texas One.
I'm not going to put out, I'm not going to lose my job, and I'm not going to let Peggy find out about any of this.
Dale, give me a cigarette.
I thought you quit, because cigarettes cause death.
They do, you know, so pace yourself.
Need a light?
What the... Debbie?
What are you doing here?
Why are you in your underwear?
I need you to protect me from Miss Liz.
She hates me.
Well, you are having an affair with her husband.
No.
I was having an affair with my boss.
You're my boss now.
Hank!
No, sir.
I'm sorry, but at this point in time, I'm going to have to reject your advances.
Hank!
Stop it!
Oh, God.
This ain't over!
Nobody rejects Timmy Gron!
Well, I just did.
You'll be sorry, Hank Hill!
What the...
Mr. Strickland?
Well, well, the plaintiff called me gloating all about your little rubber-dub-dub in my tub.
Now, soup is good food, Hank, but keep your spoon in your own bowl.
Sir, we go back 15 years, and in all that time, I have only had one mistress, and her name is Propane.
Peggy and I have an understanding about that.
Oh, Hank, Hank, I believe you.
I know you don't have sex.
Well, that is not exactly accurate.
I had it all, Hank.
I had a good wife to mother me.
I had a pretty young girlfriend.
I was living like a Frenchman.
But I blew it.
I lost my wife and my money.
And now I want my wife and my money back.
Mrs. Strickland, you told Buck that we made soup when you know darn well that we most certainly did not make soup.
Yes, Hank, I did.
I told him we made a big bowl of cream of us.
And for that, I'm sorry.
Cream of... What kind of teamwork was that?
Buck and I have been doing the same dance for 32 years.
I needed to dip him for a change.
I've never seen a man so dipped in his life.
So you dragged my good name through the dirt just to make Buck jealous.
Oh, try and forgive me, Hank.
You know what?
In the name of forgiveness, why don't you let me buy you dinner at Sugarfoot's tonight?
Six o'clock.
Yeah.
Yeah, forgiveness.
Buck, I thought you might be in the mood for something besides spaghettios.
Uh-huh.
How about meeting me at Sugarfoot's for dinner?
Keep an eye on your hidden assets?
Okay, I'll see you at six.
Hello.
May I please speak to Peggy?
No, I'm sorry.
Peggy's at Sugarfoot's.
Can I take a message?
Tell her that Debbie Grunge slept with her husband.
Who is this?
It's Debbie.
Remember me?
Put that old lady back on.
Maybe she can talk some sense into you.
Oh, don't bother with that message.
Shug of Fets is right across the street.
I'll tell your wife myself.
No, no.
You don't want to do that.
Why not?
Well, because then it would make it even harder for us to...
Uh, pursue our relationship.
So we're gonna do it.
Uh, yes, we are going to do it.
I like it when you talk dirty.
Therefore, I'm now going to drive over there, baby.
I just had phone sex.
Welcome to Peggy's sugar foots.
And how many in your party?
Bobby, quick.
Where's your mother?
What the hell happened to this place?
Uh, Peggy.
Peggy.
Have you seen Debbie from work?
It is always about your work, isn't it, Hank?
Well, we're not at Strickland Propane now.
We are at Peggy's Sugar Foot.
You haven't said one word about how I've turned this place around?
Yo, Miss Peggy, a choo-choo's gone off the track.
That's six times a day, that thing gone off the track that I know of.
Now, what the hell happened to this place?
It's Pressured and Tony Romers.
Yeah, yeah.
Why don't you take a seat?
Bobby.
Oh my God!
There used to be a horseshoe over the door that we took off a horse on our honeymoon.
And these walls, they used to be the same smoky color as your eyes.
What have they done to Sugarfoot's, Sugarfoot?
Oh, why, he ain't called me Sugarfoot, yes.
Buck, you got a promise, right?
Oh, sweetheart, baby, I know it.
Don't you worry about nothing, because you know what?
Debbie is history.
Oh, my God, Debbie, I've got a stopper.
I gotta talk to Debbie.
Everybody is going to love my new barbecue sauce.
What was that?
Hello?
Is anybody there?
Hank, is that you?
Mr. Strickland?
Ms.
Liz?
All right, whoever you are, we do not accept any bills larger than a 20.
Debbie!
Somebody!
Shot!
Dibby!
MOTOR!
