Okay, Mr. and Mrs. Hill, just give me one second to find Bobby's test.
Excellent, great work.
Satisfactory needs improvement.
Unsatisfactory.
Yes, here's Bobby.
D minus?
Dang it, Bobby.
I expect more from someone with no extracurricular activities.
I'm sorry, Dad.
I tried.
Math's just not my thing.
I told you we should have let him watch Sesame Street.
Don't blame me.
The boy was terrified of puppets.
Too bad that didn't stick.
So, I guess it's not my fault.
Or mine.
Maybe Bobby's just a bad test taker.
Some kids have trouble handling the stress of testing situations.
This is ridiculous.
My boy is flunking out and you're just making excuses.
Carl, aren't you gonna say something?
Huh?
Oh, sorry Hank, I wasn't listening.
Uh, I'm mainly here for backup.
You would not believe how quickly these parent-teacher conferences can turn violent.
Hank, I do not know how you can eat when our boy is so close to the edge.
He'll be fine.
He just needs to work harder and apply himself.
Yeah, about that.
I was thinking that maybe we shouldn't dismiss this bad test taker thing so quickly.
Bobby, no more excuses.
The only thing that's wrong with you is that you're lazy, and that's gonna change right now.
And I will be your instrument of change.
I will tutor you and flashcard you until you claw your way up to a C minus.
I hate letter grades.
Why can't we just go back to the gold star smiley face system?
The same reason we won't let you sleep with your bankie anymore.
But I still... Oh.
I'll forward it to you.
A better way to get home before you open it.
Carl, the school board's got a problem.
Uh, no child left behind?
Problem?
Stu, tell the school board we haven't left behind a child in over five years of time, Landry.
Hell, we pass everybody.
Carl, the government doesn't care if your kids pass their classes.
They just care if your kids pass the yearly standardized test, which they haven't done in two years.
Oh, is that what that law's about?
Have you even read the manual?
Well, to tell you the truth, I got a few pages into it, but it's no Harry Potter.
And then a new Harry Potter came out and well... Damn it, Carl!
The test is in a few weeks.
You haven't done squat to prepare for it.
If your kids fail this again, the state can come in and fire all of you.
And Carl...
I imagine the first head on the chopping block is going to be the principles.
Okay kids, I need everyone to listen out real good.
We've got a very important standardized test coming up.
If y'all don't pass it, me and your teachers could be out of a job.
Yes!
Good!
Thank you guys!
See how you feel like the time ran to get shut down, and y'all are shipped to other schools.
Maybe a few of you get lucky and end up in North Ireland, but most of you be finishing out your year in Durnham.
Okay, students, circle up.
Today, the only muscle you'll be stretching is your noggin.
What happened to kickball?
Gone!
Over!
Eliminated!
Effective immediately, all classes, including Jim, will be teaching math and reading to help prepare you for the test.
Okay, newly, I've got a five-pound medicine ball in this hand and a 10-pound medicine ball in this hand.
If you were to multiply the weightage of both balls together, what would you get?
Oh, for, ah, hell!
Can you use it in a sentence, please?
What?
I just did you little ducklehead!
We're never gonna pass this test.
These dub-dubs can't even do simple bath.
Clayhammer, you're not the only one under some stress here.
We're all freaking out.
How about this?
During the test, we could just move three smart kids around each dumb kid.
You know they're gonna cheat.
What if we happen to find some marijuana in some of the dumb kids' lockers?
Wait!
I think I might have found a technicality.
Bobby Hill, Principal Moss needs you.
Now!
Okay, kids, listen up.
In a few minutes, Mr. Turkelson from the district's gonna be here to evaluate whether you're a special needs child or not.
Special needs, but I'm not special needs, Principal Moss.
Bobby, I think you should let the expert decide.
Wait, maybe he's right, Carl.
Maybe he will pass the evaluation.
Then you can go back to your regular class and continue studying day and night for the standardized test, which you'll probably fail.
Let me bottom line this for you kids.
If you don't do so well on this evaluation, that means you're gonna be labeled a special needs child, which means you're no longer required to take the standardized test.
Oh, and did I mention you no longer have any homework?
That sounds pretty good, but I still don't think I'm special.
And you get to go on the field trip to Alamo Land next week.
But I thought that trip was only for the kids on the honor roll.
Well, it would be an honor for the special needs kids to come along.
You know what?
I think you're right.
I should let the expert decide.
Okay, children, does this clown look sad or happy?
Uh...
Now raise your hand if you think he's happy.
Thank God I'm here.
There's so much work to do.
Okay Bobby, it's time to go over your algebra.
Your mom left some flashcards to help you study.
I don't have to study anymore.
Why is that?
It's all explained here.
Special needs?
What the hell?
Now, excuse me.
I have a special need for something dipped in chocolate.
No homework, no tests.
Why would they put him in that class?
He doesn't have any learning problems.
Maybe this explains why he hates taking tests and why his grades are so bad.
I swear to you now, Hank, I will love that boy no matter how special he is.
Oh, my sweet, sweet boy.
Look at you.
Come here.
Come give your mama a hug.
OK.
Carl!
Dang it.
Do you know where the special needs class is?
Excellent, fine motor skills, Dooley.
You're the class super duper champ of the morning.
Excuse me, I'm Hank Hill, Bobby's father.
You must be Mr. Turkelson.
Yes, can I help you?
Hey, Dad!
Uh, yeah, I'd like a word with you outside.
Class, you can rest your eyes, but no sleepies.
I'll be right back.
Mr. Turkelson, my boy doesn't belong in your class.
He was just put here so he wouldn't take the standardized test.
Test?
He shouldn't be taking any standardized tests, Mr. Hill, until I can fully evaluate his condition.
There is no condition.
That boy's about as normal as you or, well, as me.
Sadly, 20 years ago, you would have been right.
Bobby would have been labeled normal.
Those truly were the dark ages of public education.
Let me ask you something.
Have you ever found a kid who wasn't special?
No.
Mr. Turkelson, I want my boy taken out of this ridiculous class immediately or I'm going to the district.
Sorry, Mr. Hill, I am the district and your son is staying until he gets the care he needs.
Okay, we're gonna have to skip PE today because I don't have enough first-place ribbons to go around.
That class is ridiculous.
If the school's spending all their time and money on these kids, who's taking care of the kids who really need help?
I was evaluated when I joined the military.
The test said I was doll normal.
I, for one, am relieved that Joseph has been labeled special needs, because that means it's not my fault.
Ah, yep, not my fault.
We've got most of these in season counter for.
Once we take care of any possible wildcarts, we'll be home free.
Look, that kid is just staring into space, as if our jobs weren't on the line.
I'm on it.
Come with me, Jack, and leave your books.
You're not going to be needing them where you're going.
Hi, I'm Bobby.
Preliminary attention disorder and possibly dyslexic.
We're still waiting on the test results.
And this is Joseph.
Articulation disorder.
I got it bad, dude.
I don't want to be here.
I was just daydreaming.
Yeah, we all felt like you did at first.
But then we saw the ice cream cart.
Do they have foot sickles?
Three different kinds.
And any time you need a break, you can ask for beanbag time, which is unlimited.
And did I mention that we get to go to Alamo Land next week?
Really?
Yeah.
So when you get evaluated, don't try to be a hero.
Shoot for one right answer out of every four, and you'll be just fine.
Look what I made in school for you, Mom.
Bobby, you are my little miracle.
Peggy, he was making those when he was four.
Oh, that preschool was so demanding.
Well, I've got to go practice my zipper song.
I think I can learn it before the Elmo Land trip.
Down when you take, go up when you're done.
Wait a second, Bobby.
I thought only the good students were allowed to go on that trip.
Hank, the school did not want to discriminate against the special needs kids, so they're letting them go.
And I think it was the right decision.
Now, where was I?
Oh, yeah.
Congratulations.
You've made a number one.
OK, Melissa, the logarithm to the base three of nine is?
Uh, three?
Three?
No, not even close.
Back of line.
Who's next?
Of course it's two.
Very good, Jamie.
Here's your fast pass.
Enjoy your ride.
You can tell Melissa all about it.
Next!
Feel free to wet yourself.
The splash at the bottom will cover your shame.
Your dad's so cool.
I don't know why my parents hate him.
Well, there's a six-person maximum on this ride, Park Rule.
B-But my girlfriend's on that ride.
Oh, man, that's totally a make-out ride.
You can't leave her alone with Dooley.
Do something, Bobby!
Excuse me, sir.
We are special needs children, and we are required by state law to stay with our buddies at all times.
Oh, okay, go ahead.
It has begun!
Look at me!
I'm flim surfing!
That is so cool.
Dude, I can do it too!
We're approaching the bottomless pit drop.
Raise yourselves!
Oh!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Oh, my God!
The special needs kids!
They're in the water!
What are the special needs kids doing here without any supervision?
Who let this happen?
Whoever it was, they're gonna pay for this.
Mom, I'm fine.
Really.
I cannot believe they let this happen to you.
Somebody will pay for this.
Bobby shouldn't have been on that trip to begin with.
And if anything, this is his fault.
He's the one who made that guy jam ten kids on the log flume.
Oh, lay off him, Hank.
He might not know what ten is.
Miguel Hernandez live from Alamo Land Amusement Park, where earlier today a group of special needs children narrowly and miraculously avoided disaster after falling out of the Falls of Fury log flume ride.
Your thoughts.
I just don't know why these special ed kids were even on this trip.
I didn't see a chaperone and none of them were wearing protective headgear.
And I know the principal knew all about it too.
Excuse me, we have just received an exclusive photo of the near disaster.
Let's go right to it.
You're in deep.
The district's out for blood.
I wish I could help you, but they want your job.
But, Stu, I've been a principal half my life.
I'm not qualified to do anything else.
What were you thinking, Carl?
You know you're not supposed to take the special needs kids off campus, let alone to an amusement park without getting district approval.
Listen, Stu, those kids are no more special than you and me.
They were never in any danger.
I just put them in that class so we could pass the standardized test.
I didn't hear that.
You can't prove I heard that.
This is still America, right?
The land of second chances?
Hank, thank God you're here.
You gotta help me.
Help you?
Kicking your ass seems more appropriate, Carl.
I'm just gonna come clean here.
I just labeled those kids special needs so they wouldn't take the test.
Of course you did.
I'm really stuck here.
I don't have anyone to take the blame.
Emily's too young to take the fall.
And everybody thinks Dale Gribble's a special needs kid.
You have to let those kids take the standardized test.
If they pass, it'll prove they're not special.
They're just a bunch of kids acting like jackasses and that you didn't do anything wrong at that moment.
But those kids will never pass that test.
All they need is to be pushed a little, Carl.
That's all they ever needed.
I guess we can try educating them.
Good boy, don't check on your watch, not another class I'm not leaving now, honey, not a chance Hot shot, give me no promise Watch later, baby, you'll be saying never
Alright kids, it's test time.
You worked real hard this week and I'm proud of you.
I have every confidence that you'll knock that test out of the park today.
Now go get them!
Well, I give you credit, son.
You worked hard and it paid off.
Well, I knew all along he was gonna pass.
I guess our boy is special after all.
I'll see you later.
And please stop using that word.
Well, it's a shame the school failed again.
I heard the scores actually went down from last year.
Well, I guess you cannot blame the district for shaking things up.
We're lucky they didn't shut the whole school down.
Yeah, but I don't know how great of an interim principal coach Clehammer is going to be.
Study up today, maggots!
I wonder what's going to happen to Principal Moss.
He'll pull through.
You know Carl, he's a survivor.
Good Lord, Carl, I almost hit you.
Sorry about that, Hank.
It's just that we got a new product.
Everyone at the company is real excited about it.
And I didn't want you and yours to miss out on it.
You're selling steaks?
Not really.
These things sell themselves.
Take a look at this beauty.
I never heard of a jaybone.
Help a brother out, guys.
I need to keep my medical current until my suspensions over.
I got that disease where you wake up and strange places drunk.
Uh, put us down for five, I guess.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
Where your dumb kids?
