It looks like it's down to the final strike to the final out of the final inning.
Is this where the Zephyr's perfect season ends?
Wait for your pitch, Donna.
Where's your rally, Capdale?
How's the rally god supposed to know who to give Moto to?
If we rally, I'll have to bat, and I'll be the last out that ruins our undefeated season.
Easy out.
She's distracted by her recent divorce.
Dang it, Dale.
Shut up and put your glove on your goddamn head.
Okay, Dale, base is loaded.
A hit wins it.
But I haven't had a hit all season.
Your season starts now, Dale.
Take what you've learned from all those strikeouts and put it to use.
All you have to do is believe to achieve.
Now get up there and do what my shirt says.
Go fell, go fell, go fell!
Run, Dale, run!
Yeah!
Yeah, I spank that ball so hard I probably should have apologized and bought it a box of chocolates See Dale you believed and then you achieved I Guess I believed a little but I don't know I think there was something more to it than that
Well, maybe you gave 110% because Hank says that works, too.
No, I only gave 70%.
I was feeling kind of sick after I accidentally swallowed my chewing tobacco.
Maybe you stumbled onto a lucky ritual.
I mean, all the greats had one.
Joe DiMagia would keep a penny in his shoe.
Ty Cobb would beat his valet.
Attention, Zephyrs.
When the season started, no one gave this team much of a chance.
And things looked pretty bleak when we lost Joe Jack because of, well, we all know what happened at the Taco Bueno.
But we never lost a step.
Bob Jenkins joined the team, and to watch him in the outfield, you would have thought there was radar under that eye patch.
And through it all, none of us stopped believing.
And that's why we're the first undefeated softball team in Arlen Wreck League history.
Real stirring, Hank.
Listen, how'd you like to give a motivational talk at school tomorrow?
Really?
I'd be honored.
Thanks.
The magician had to cancel.
Who would have thought a dove could do all that to a man's face?
And so, whether you eventually choose a career in customer service or the military, try to do it the Zephyr way.
Perfect.
Now, if I could have all the members of the baseball team please stand.
I'd like to tell you a little story about never giving up.
Oh, the baseball program's been cut, Hank.
Budget issues.
Go along, Orange.
Well, this is just wrong.
Okay, if you were on the baseball team, I've got a message for you.
Keep believing in yourselves.
How's that going to bring our baseball team back?
Well, uh, it's, uh, uh, huh.
There's gotta be some way to save the baseball program.
Hmm.
Well, let's see.
You could attract new industry to Arlen and raise the tax base.
Hank, you'd be great at attracting industry.
Yeah, but that could take months.
Baseball season starts next week.
Hank, I've got it.
We could play the Ace of Diamonds and his jewels.
They take on local teams and use their crazy antics to raise money for charity.
Look at the ace.
He's parked the unicycle and now he's on stilts.
Yep.
I use these when I played for the San Francisco Jolly Green Giants.
Ha ha!
Now the ace has ditched his stilts and he's pitching from the outfield.
Even pitching from the outfield, ace is still throwing smoke.
They say he used his fastball to stun a bear to keep it from mauling a little girl.
Folks, looks like the ace has finally lost it.
He's walked the bases loaded.
Well, I'm in quite a pickle here.
I might as well have a sandwich with it.
I'm here on some mounts that are wired for it.
He makes a Denver omelet.
Here's the pit and a line drive right at the ace.
He steps on the bag, tags the runner.
It's an unassisted triple play.
And as the winner of the game, the ace gets the prize money.
Wait, oh my god, he's giving it to the Abilene Spay and Neuter Foundation.
Unbelievable!
Unbelievable?
Not for softballs number one philanthropist, the ace always gives the winners check to charity.
Peggy, Tom Landry Middle School is gonna be on that tape someday.
I wonder if cows really get how good they taste.
Here it is team, our league championship trophy.
Wait a minute, there's a mistake.
Right down here what it should say is to be continued.
That's right, our dream season isn't over.
We are going to play the Ace of Diamonds and his jewels.
Oh, man, he's talking about the Ace of Diamonds, man.
He didn't invite him to a white house, man.
When he struck out more than Fitzwater, man.
Now, the Ace and his team keep 10% of the gate.
But the winner gives the rest to Tom Landry Middle School to save the baseball program.
We can bill it as the battle of the unbeatens.
The 11 and 0 Zephyrs against the ACE's 239 game win streak.
239.
Well, we couldn't stay undefeated forever.
Fame is but a slow decay.
Even this shall pass away.
I guess it'll be okay, because when it's over, he'll hand a giant check to those poor kids.
Wait a second.
Don't give up before we even hit the field.
I think we can be the winners.
We can be the ones handing over that check.
But hey, are we supposed to just let him beat us?
That's the fun of it, right?
All the pranks and all the tricks that Ace does!
You think former big leaguers like the Ace and his jewels enjoy having to play like that?
It's like playing basketball with an eight-year-old kid.
You shoot with your left hand just to keep it interesting.
Hey, maybe you're right, Hank!
You bet I'm right.
They want to be challenged.
They're dying for someone to give them an actual game.
What a thrilling idea.
David, pick up your slingshots.
We're going to slay the ace.
Bob, I didn't expect that kind of spirit out of you, but by God, it is appreciated.
Boy, this Ace of Diamonds highlight video is really something.
It's like we did all of our scouting for us.
The Ace picked him off, throwing behind his back.
They're going to kill us!
Calm down, guys.
See how much his velocity drops when he pitches on stilts?
And remember, there's only two jewels in the field.
A catcher and a first baseman.
Leaving their outfield very vulnerable.
Arrogance.
It's their fatal flaw.
All we have to do is hit it where they ain't.
We're going to play good D and lots of small ball and we're going to win because the whole season we did what?
Believes to the team!
I believe, Hank!
We'll win because our Lord Jesus Christ shows us to win!
Okay, Enrique.
Make sure you say these tickets are to help the baseball team.
Boomhauer, cover Tom McCann to the lens crafters.
Dale, you take the food court.
Bill, go anywhere but Victoria's Secret.
I think I'd sell more tickets as a French boy.
Would you be interested in some exciting family or blended family entertainment?
Wow, the ace of diamonds in his jewels?
And the Zephyrs.
Daddy saw the ace play in Kerbal when I was your age.
I got to stand on home plate and have the ace knock a peanut off my head.
Awesome!
Hey, how much do you think they'll beat you by?
10?
15?
Hold on, I'm not so sure we're gonna get beat.
We're in it to win.
Yeah, I suppose your fastball can stun a bear too.
Now when sports jock and Chad put me on, make sure to turn the radio down.
I don't want to be one of those guys they scold.
Alright everyone, new topic.
The ace of diamonds and his jewels.
They're in town tonight to strut their stuff against the Arlen Zephyrs.
We've got Zephyrs player coach Hank Hill with us.
I think I have never seen this much interest in a softball game.
Yep, it's gonna be a big victory for underdogs everywhere if we win.
Sorry, I mean when we win.
Listen to you, Wolf.
I'm gonna have to put you in the sports jock dog pants.
I like your showmanship, Hank.
I'll let you out.
Welcome, everyone, to the greatest show on please.
And a special welcome to tonight's charity, the Tom Landry Middle School Baseball Team.
And how about a big Arlen welcome to the clown prince of softball, the ace and his jewel!
And to the local undefeated Arlen zippers, we say good luck!
Damn, remember your ritual!
Alright, it's showtime.
Little tip, when I strike you out, take a step like you're gonna charge the mound, and I'll stare you down.
I've gotten digits from the ladies in the upper deck when I break this out.
Ladies and gentlemen, the ace and his jewels!
It always amazes me how three can defeat ten.
I bet his first pitch is gonna be on stilts.
No, on his knees!
Evening, I'm The Ace and I'll be your tour guide on a magical trip around this 12-inch world I call softball.
First up for the Zippers, Hank Hill.
Ready?
All aboard!
The Ace pitches and Hill bumps to third base and makes it to first safely.
This is where I pitch by smell.
Luckily, my catcher hasn't changed his socks all week.
Somebody, please get him a new pair of socks.
Okay, boomhauer, bring me home.
Repeat, bring me home.
Watch out, the ace is pitching blindly, and the zephyr's fun to third base.
Daddy, make it be fun.
I ain't your daddy.
Oh, you're talking to him.
What happened?
They bonded again.
Good Lord, that's a live ball.
No one's ever bonded before.
It looks like the Zephyrs are taking advantage of the ace's confusion, and they score!
You are right, hey!
Maybe we can do this!
What are these jackasses doing?
Don't worry, Bill Howard.
I will bring you home!
He's gonna bunt again?
Alright, show's over.
Here it comes, Fat Man.
Fee right!
And the ace shuts down the suffer!
Okay folks, now it's fun time!
The ace is up to bat!
Oh, running!
And now the pitch!
Nice!
Oh, run!
Not funny, but it went far!
It looks like we made it to the end with the A63 and the Zephyrs won.
Thank God it's finally over.
Of course, there will always be the nightmares.
Now, we may have lost our undefeated season, but we gave those kids their baseball program back.
And no defeat, no matter how thorough, can change that.
Those of you who are left, how about that game?
You certainly saw something you can go home and reflect upon.
Anyhow, I hereby present this check to the winner.
The Ace of Diamonds.
Hey, wait.
Where are you going, Ace?
You're supposed to give that money to the kids.
Isn't that the deal?
Well, if they play anything like you guys, they're better off without it.
The real losers Saturday night were the fans.
What a travesty.
People took their families there to have some fun and what did they see?
Hank Hill bunning and the ace taking batting practice.
It was ugly alright.
I put this one in Chad's softball hall of shame.
Why'd we ever think we could take on the ace and his jewels?
Hank got me so fired up I was willing to believe in anything.
Even myself.
I guess I got a bit carried away.
I've got to straighten this out and get those kids their money back.
Bill, if it's any consolation, I never believed in you.
Hello, this is Hank Hill and I coach the Zephyrs.
Yes, those Zephyrs.
Listen, do you know where the ace is playing tonight?
No, I don't want to buy a commemorative tour schedule.
Couldn't you just tell me the name of the town?
It's a visa.
Oh look, it's the Bunt Brothers.
Look, we're real sorry about spoiling the fun.
We just wanted to give you a real game, you know, show some pride.
I'm sure you can understand that as a fellow athlete.
Fellow athlete?
I got my picture on some of that gum that looks like tobacco.
How about you?
All right, I get it.
But let's just think about the kids.
You always give the winner's check to charity.
Yeah.
And I always clear a few grand in merchandise and score a little overnight company.
But thanks to your boring little stunt, the ace slept alone last night and has an RV full of unsold bobbleheads.
You know what that's like when I go over a railroad crossing.
OK, I admit, I screwed up.
But that's no reason to take it out on a bunch of kids.
Just give us another shot.
We'll take foolhardy leads off first.
We'll swing at bad pitches, whatever's funny.
Hmm.
I'm a nice guy.
Maybe if you ask me in baby talk.
Well, I don't see how that could make a difference.
Oh, God.
Can we, uh, please have another shot, please?
Maybe.
Do you know what you did wrong?
Ah, maybe we played too seriously.
Well, let me think about it.
No.
I'm sorry, baby.
The spiced wine should be hot enough by now.
How about you?
Listen, this isn't about you and me.
This is for the kids.
We had a deal.
So, a parking lot attendant.
You ever park one of these babies?
He can't just hide in that damn RV and ignore us?
Yes, he can.
And when he gets bored, he can just drive away.
Well, I'm not gonna let him.
Save your breath, Hank.
The only thing that could get him out of there is a twister.
The RV's only predator.
Oh.
Hope is a vessel dashed upon the rocks of... Oh, what's the point?
Wait!
I know who could send us a twister!
And with the help of our... What's the point?
We're not giving up.
We just need to reach down deep and grab what's already in each and every one of us.
We've got grit, guts, and determination, and we're going to use them to rock this damn RV until he comes running out of it.
Now let's do this, Zephyrs.
Uh-oh.
The hair on my back is starting to tingle.
Your hair knows something you're about to find out.
We're getting those kids their money.
Now come on, Bill.
Put your weight in that fender.
It really moved!
Everyone, grab some aluminum.
Donna, take that wheel well.
Enrique, put your shoulder into it.
Come on, go, go!
Ready, set, rock!
Believe to achieve!
Believe to achieve!
Hey!
Hey!
Stop it!
I'm entertaining!
You know, Ace, we can do this in every town you play in.
I bought a commemorative tour schedule from your wife.
Your wife?
So where are we going tomorrow night?
Denton?
Then Fredericksburg?
Then into Rumpert?
Why bother even putting on cologne?
Okay, okay!
Take the check!
Just stop pushing my house!
Way to go, team.
Well, I guess that makes the final score.
Zephyr's won.
Ace's house zero.
One of those new uniforms looked pretty good, I tell you what.
Maybe next year we can raise even more money and get them fur coats and pop hats.
Ah, fundamentals.
Oh, daddy!
