X equals 2.
Y equals 7.
Your butt equals 10.
Why don't you take a picture still and last longer?
Okay, work it.
That's right ladies, and kick.
X equals jerk, Y equals pig.
Hey, you kicked me.
I'm sorry, I closed my eyes and I was thinking of those stupid guys in my math class.
Oh, and the guy in the parking lot.
And that volunteer pole cleaner who always comes by when I'm swimming.
Tell me about it.
I once fell for a free breast examination in a bar.
It just makes me sad.
Oh, so gross.
There's nothing in the rulebook that says a robot can't play in the frat Olympics.
Why don't the nerds just move across town instead of living right next door to the jock fraternity?
That way nobody'll be constantly breaking their gadgets.
No, no, that's wrong, Bobby.
If the nerds stood up to him once in a while, they wouldn't get their gadgets broken in the first place.
Listen, if you don't fight for yourself, you're never gonna get anyone's respect.
Yeah, there's nothing worse than people not respecting you.
Every time I get hooded up, I have to take an hour of taboo.
Hi, Bo.
Is that that new oriental way of moving your couch around?
Uh-uh.
It's an exercise class where you punch and you kick, so you can't think of anything else no more.
No, actually, you punch, kick, kick, squat, squat, rest, two, three, all, two, music, and kiss.
Oh, it's dancing.
Oh, that sounds... No.
Uh, Mr. Strickland, a couple of folks from the Chamber of Commerce are here to thank you for your work with the orphans.
Orphans?
Chamber of Commerce?
You are so modest, sir.
Well, look, yeah, who's back from rehab?
It's my little baby brother.
I want my money, Buck.
Boy, you never were much with the ladies, but stop!
Watch it there, Shrek.
That's an Italian suit.
Greta ain't my girlfriend.
She's a lady boxer I manage.
Although, we did get dirty one time.
All right, all right, I'll pay.
Donna, put a hold on them payroll checks.
You putting the squeeze on me really takes me back.
Hey, I know a new girly club where we can ogle some ladies.
No cover charge.
Let's not be lazy.
Keep it up.
Bunch and kick and kick almost over, ladies.
Give me a few more.
Whoo!
What a workout!
I'm sweating like a lumberjack.
All right, good job, ladies.
See you next week.
What, hey there, Lou Ann.
Good workout?
Yeah, it looked good from here.
If you were looking at me, I'm going to have to have both of your gym memberships revoked.
And I would hate to do that because you both look terrible.
No, no, no.
We're just, uh... Scouting talent.
I'm a boxing promoter and we're just here scouting talent.
I'd love to see you in the ring.
Boxing!
Huh?
My mama's in prison because she fights so much.
Do you think that there's some way her genes could have been passed down to me?
Wait a minute, Randy.
Luanne here might make a really good opponent for Greta.
Yeah!
We could put up posters all over town, call it Beauty and the Beast.
Which one am I?
Because if it's okay with you, I'd like to be the beast.
Rr!
Rr!
There!
Did I scare you?
Hey, guess who I ran into at the gym?
Buck Strickland!
He watched me do tabbo, and he thinks that I'd make a great boxer!
Look, Luan, I fought at the Y. Trust me, you are no boxer.
Yeah, huh.
Friday at midnight in the back room at Sugarfoot's.
And I am going to stand up and fight and be respected just like you said.
Luan, the kind of women that box don't have 50 stuffed animals on their bed.
Hey, why don't you spend Friday night watching one of those movies you like where the people fall in love and then one of them dies?
Oh, Luan, you have to understand your uncle only wants the best for you.
That said, everything he just told you, complete jackassery.
Dear Lord, one of your creatures may be hurt tonight.
Please, let it be the other creature.
Amen.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
OK, Louis.
Looking good.
Yeah.
Now, just remember, the key to boxing is to jump up and down.
Yeah.
Keep bouncing.
Bouncing weave.
Okay, folks.
You paid your monies.
Here come the honeys.
The beauty and the beast.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Watch the kids ride this qualifier and you'll lose your free rib dinner.
Tell Joseph and Dale if he's listening, good night, and get to bed.
I got a live feed with the hostess at Sugarfoot's.
She's got Luann's fight on the speakerphone.
Oh, God, she went through with it?
Luann, no!
One, two, three, four, she's out!
I did it!
I won a ball, I won!
You tagged her good, what a left hook!
Oh yeah, you didn't think I could do it, but I did it!
Great job, Lou Ann!
You want to fight some more for us?
I got a contract right here.
It's very fair.
Oh my gosh, did you hear that, Uncle Hank?
They want me to be a professional fighter!
I'm a professional fighter!
Women boxing, huh?
If they wear gloves, how do they scratch each other?
No, Bill, they punch pretty hard.
And Luann was really something.
I'll tell you what, Dale fights more like a girl than she did last night.
So I bid a cashier.
I'm a street fighter.
Luan, I always hope to give my old boxing gloves from the Y to Bobby, but, uh, well, you know.
Anyway, I'd be honored if you'd wear these in your next match.
Oh, Uncle Hank, every time I punch someone in the face, I'll think of you.
To Lewand, getting rich off of pretty ladies even better than sleeping with one.
Well, knackin' knack.
Well, looky here.
Now, I know it must have killed you to throw that fight biggin', but it was one hell of a convention dive.
If you had any looks, you could be a Hollywood actress.
Thank you.
Here's your flop fee.
Don't touch anything on the way out, huh?
Times have changed.
Train boxers willing to take a dive are too goddamn expensive.
Hey, Mora, you take a punch for $100, wouldn't you?
No, sir.
$200?
Yes, sir, I would.
Okay, Luan, Buck says this Bora the Slammin' Slavic is nine and four and she used to pull a dog sled back in her native Croatia.
When my fans are out there respecting me, I feel like a strong, powerful, independent woman.
Luan, I brought you some tassels.
Tassels?
It's a fight game, Boy Scout.
We need a little show for the people.
Oh, I get it.
A little flash, like Hector Macho Camacho.
light on your feet louan she's one of them russian brawlers yeah yeah good louan good now hop like a bunny hop like a bunny oh uh but you know that uh mohammed alley says hop like a bunny sting like a bee uh that was float like a butterfly sir okay now louan southpaw southpaw
Lou Ann, you beat some tough fighters and I think you're ready for a step up in competition.
Yeah!
You know, I was reading in the Guinness Book of World Records about a woman who is 7 foot 7.
You think she'll fight me?
Uh, maybe, but I was thinking about the best female fighter in Texas, George Foreman's daughter Frida Foreman.
Seems she's managed by her father and four brothers named George.
Ah, ah, I already called the forming camp.
They told me they want nothing to do with Lou Anne.
Yep, they're ducking us.
But don't worry, we'll line up another top notch opponent.
That's a pretty lady got back to us here.
I'm sorry I'm late.
I couldn't get used to the heels.
What is that?
It's my outfit for my next match.
Mr. Strickland says that if I ever want to fight Free to Forman, I need an image.
So, ta-da!
I'm a fighting French maid.
Dang it.
I thought I made myself clear when I told him no boxing thong.
I'm gonna go talk to Buck.
You need to practice, so get out of that stupid outfit.
And for God's sake, don't leave it where Bobby can find it.
Luan, if you want to be punched by free to foreman, then Peggy Hill is the one that can make it happen.
Come on, let's go pick a fight.
It's just that Luanne and I are trying to build a legitimate boxing career.
Oh, Mr. Buck.
Hey, yeah, I got your hat.
No skimpy costumes.
No dressing there like a rabbit.
Thanks for coming by.
Sir, Mr. Randy is throwing up again.
Uh-huh, uh-huh.
Thanks, uh, Penelope.
Wait a minute.
You're supposed to be the slamming Slavic, but you're just Buck's maid.
Buck's maid?
All right, all right.
You caught me with my pants down.
I threw patsies in there to protect your pretty little knees.
God, you mean every fight has been a fraud?
What about Helga the Hammer?
Labrarian.
Never been in the ring.
Okay, Luan.
Now you have to trash talk and embarrass her.
It's the only way she'll accept a fight with you.
You ready?
Uh-huh.
Hi, Frida Foreman.
Everybody knows you're nothing but a frady cat.
Wow, you have pretty eyes.
Who the heck are you?
Luan Platter.
It's nice to meet you.
Yeah, whatever.
Shut up, Grandma here.
All right, you want to fight, you gotta fight.
And when I get done whipping up on her, I'm gonna come looking for you.
What'd I do?
Uncle Hank!
Uncle Hank!
You'll never believe it!
We gotta fight with freedom for men!
What?
No!
I know, it's amazing, isn't it?
Now, we better train.
She's much bigger than me.
I think she's even bigger than you.
Well, we cannot tell her that her fights are fixed.
It would wreck her world.
Well, maybe she'll get food poisoning.
You gave it to me that one time, you could do it again.
Excuse me for making chicken tartar.
I could marry Frida Forman and refuse to let her fight.
Man, I tell you who it ain't no talking about them down old champion world.
Man, they're no two times wearing that old crown, man.
Ain't about talking about that old grease, talking about it on five pounds since I got another lost and all that thing, man.
You're right.
George Forman's a minister and a family man.
He'll listen to reason.
Boomhauer does it again.
So if you like your food lean, mean, and tasty, don't forget to pick up one on your way out.
Mr. Foreman, sir?
I know you don't know me, but I'd like a minute of your time.
You want a grill?
I know, sir.
I'm pretty well set for grills.
I sell them for a living, along with propane and propane accessories.
Good man, what can I do for you?
Well, my niece Luanne challenged your daughter to a boxing match, and she's not even in Frida's league.
But I haven't been able to bring myself to tell her that.
So I was thinking if you guys can drop out of the fight, Luan won't get her feelings hurt, or her face hurt for that matter.
I respect that you want to protect your niece.
You know I didn't want my daughter to become a boxer.
Neither did Mohammed.
But Joe Frazier, on the other hand, he had his baby girl boxing in a crib.
So you'll cancel the fight, champ?
You got it.
Thank you.
You're acting just like I'd expect a gold medalist, too.
Hey, maybe there's something you can do for me.
How'd you feel about carrying my grill in your shop?
Oh, uh, sorry.
We have a strict policy about that.
No novelty grills.
Novelty grill?
Yeah, you know, no offense, but your grill is kind of like an iron.
You call it my grill, an iron?
I've been hit below the bell before, but nothing like this.
I think it's a great product for dieters or little girls who want to play barbecue, but you can't compare it to a propane-powered grill.
Fights on!
What?
No.
I said, fights on.
What's the matter, smelling all that propane caused your brain damage?
That's what it does, you know.
No, that is not accurate.
Those studies were all done on sick monkeys.
And at least my grill isn't sold in housewares.
Let it go, Daddy.
It ain't worth it.
You're right.
George III, get this man out of my face.
I'm sorry I'm late.
I ran far better than I ever had before.
So look out for the foreman!
Uh, Luan, those fights you had were fixed.
The fighters were fixed?
Like my puppy?
No.
You see, Buck knew that men would pay to see you dance around the ring.
So he found a bunch of cleaning ladies for you to fight and knock out.
But I'm a great boxer, and that's why the fans are always yelling and hollering and throwing dollar bills, and oh, God, am I stupid.
So you can't fight Frida.
She's a real athlete.
She'll kill you.
You could take a dive, like Bora and the others, then you'd still get paid at least, because you showed up.
No.
That's cheating.
And I got too much self-respect for that, even if every guy in the world thinks I'm a bimbo.
Guys suck.
I didn't see you in Taipo today.
Oh, that's probably because I wasn't there.
I don't like Tabo anymore.
It reminds me that I'm not really a boxer.
Oh, I wish I could quit.
But if I don't go, my modeling agent yells at me.
He's also my husband.
Hey, I can hook you up with him if you're interested.
But just look out because he gets a little grabby.
No, I want men next to have to be something that men will respect me for.
Men are never going to respect us.
That's why we've got to use what God or the surgeon gave us to get what they got.
Money.
So you'd do anything for money?
Or a car?
So, if you were me, would you take a dive against free-to-formin for $1,500?
Or a car?
All right, now raise your hand.
Which one of you fellas is a bachelor?
Yeah.
Hey, hey, Luann with you?
She is not going to show tonight.
She asked herself, what would Jesus do if he were a lady boxer?
The answer?
Not show.
Oh, there she is.
Luann.
Okay, I'm ready to take my dive now.
You promise the check will clear, right?
Yeah, eventually.
Now, don't get hit.
You're fighting my aunt next week.
Oh, and those gentlemen over there are here for a bachelor party.
Now, come on.
Give them a big old bouncy hello.
Hi.
so you can see my grill is perfect for a big man like yourself.
I've told you six times.
I'm not interested.
And open.
Bounce, baby!
Woo!
Oh!
Hey, I got some singles!
Oh, I cannot watch this.
Say my name!
Five!
Say my name!
It's Roddy!
Spank yourself!
Eight!
Nine!
What are you doing?
Stay down, stay down!
Oh my god, she's gonna get killed!
What the heck is she doing?
We're taking her picture for the calendar this week.
If I could take a punch like that, I may have been able to think of a name besides George for all my sons.
That gals all skull and no brains.
She's like Joe Frazier with lipstick.
Way to go Luann!
Luann!
South Park!
South Park!
Woohoo!
Luann!
Luann!
Oh yeah!
That's the platter in her!
Man, she is tough!
Stick and move!
Use your left!
Don't give up, Luann!
You can do it!
Stu, what did I tell you about taking pictures of me?
Whoa, whoa, no, I wanted a picture with you.
I saw your fight.
You lasted three rounds with Frito Foreman.
You are one tough chick.
Thank you.
That's all I ever wanted to hear.
A novel degree, oh.
Fight on!
