Woo, I'm hungry.
I'm for breakfast.
Raven, you're gonna have to keep the beat without me.
Uh-oh.
Ah.
Ah.
Mmm.
Ah, that's a funny roll-it.
You won't keep your arm.
Ha!
Dang it, D. You call this the smallest board?
It's just sands and hot water!
We need to get some straight muck.
The Free Buffet is a courtesy, not a right.
Oh, don't forget that attitude with me.
We got history.
I was dropping 20s here when all you had was an old tetherball pole.
Now, get me some fresh egg rolls.
Chop, chop!
Okay, buck, don't make me exercise my right to refuse service.
What?
What great bullshit.
Not a fake little- Don't say anything you'll regret.
Ah, y'all rigged a pockmark little watered down drink slinger!
Fuck.
You're no longer welcome in this establishment.
Kids...
Sir, what are you doing here in the morning?
I've been kicked out of Jugstore Cowboys, Hank!
Band for life!
Ten thirty-five.
Right about now, Trixie's reloading her band of arrows with lollipops.
I know those dancers meant a lot to you, sir, but there's more to life than gentlemen's clubs.
Like work.
Everyone would love to have you back in the saddle here at Strickland.
Work?
Well, I don't really see it, but I'll give it a shot.
Do you think those guys will get mad if I run in and yell, stop the presses?
Again.
Tell you what, Bobby.
Why don't you go make up a crime report?
If it sounds believable, we'll print it.
Oh, I just spent a glorious day at the spa.
It's like the manicure was the sheriff and my cuticles were outlaws.
She really cleaned up the town.
Mm-hmm.
I'm on a deadline.
What's another word for potato?
Not tuber.
I've already used that twice.
But the best part is, didn't cost me a dime.
How's that?
I just flashed my Arlen bystander press pass and hopin' sesame.
This thing we swiped to get into the parking lot?
How's this for a headline?
Woman gets free stuff for having press pass.
Boy also.
Now before we get started I'd like to welcome Mr. Strickland to our morning round table of new and ongoing projects.
Okay, now last time Enrique proposed moving the barbecue mitts from accessories over to apparel.
Let's kick it around.
I mean you wear them, right?
But not as a fashion statement.
Both good points.
I think what Donna doesn't like is that it's my idea.
Actually... Hang on Donna, Mr. Strickland is trying to get a word in edgewise.
I, uh, I forgot how high emotions run at these meetings.
You guys keep going.
There's no time for nominations, so Donna, you're interim chair.
Oh, no!
Don't try and stop me.
I'm going to junk store cowboys and apologizing to Keith.
At least I can look at some pretty girls while I eat crow.
Oh, I left my keys inside.
Sir, coming back to work was the right choice.
Don't waver.
Come on, let's go inside.
No!
I hate work, Hank.
It's so god-awful, boring.
How you don't kill yourself is beyond me.
Mr. Strickland, I want to show you how fun work can be.
Please, just give it another chance.
Hey, we could surprise the staff with ice cream.
That's fun.
We sell ice cream all day long, here at Frozen Cow.
Okay then.
Hi, welcome to Frozen Cow.
What's your name?
Hank, strawberry for six adults, please.
We don't have strawberry.
We do have the strawberry that broke the camel's back.
Okay, uh, that sounds pretty close.
And what mixins do you want with that?
You get four.
Mixins?
Uh, I just want the ice cream.
Sure, Hank.
But if you don't want mixins, you're gonna have to wear this, I like nude ice cream button.
While you're looking them over, I'll get you signed up for a birthday club.
Hank, what's your social?
How dare you?
There was a man who liked mixins and put them in his ice cream.
M.I.X.I.N.
M.I.X.I.N.
and put them in his ice cream.
Buck?
Eww!
Go, Van Gogh!
Oh, oh!
How's he gonna mix in all their moreos?
Uh-huh, uh-huh.
Here goes.
That's how.
Sir, we need to get back to work.
Sir?
Am I excited?
Am I excited?
I fell down a flight of stairs this morning.
That's about it from my end.
That's better than my day.
I got hung up with Buck at that horrible new ice cream place.
You mean frozen cow creamery?
Their commercials say they make ice cream fun.
Oh, we make ice cream fun.
Oh, we make ice cream fun.
Dang it, Dale.
Ice cream was already fun.
What's with all these perfectly good businesses trying to cram extra fun into places that doesn't belong?
Yeah, man, it's like them dang old Southwest Airlines, man.
They're gonna go pilot, get on there like them, and they're not gonna do improv, man.
They're gonna go fly on a dang old plane, man.
This is interesting, but I have to get dressed.
I'm going to a party at Arlen Ford.
Now, that's what I'm talking about, Bill.
Those aren't real parties.
Those are sales.
Sounds like someone didn't get invited.
Buck just called for you, honey.
He's down at the frozen cow.
Again?
He's just trading one vice for another.
All I know is he wants you to bring him some pants.
Hail top!
Here, your new pants, sir.
I got the extremely relaxed fit.
Thanks, Hank.
All my trousers seem to be wearing out at once.
Uh, I brought some paperwork.
Here's the deal.
I can win a gift certificate by naming the new Cherry Ice Cream.
How'd you like, uh, Cherry Alive?
Too creepy?
Look at yourself.
Sitting here all day, changing pants in public.
There's a spoon stuck to your elbow.
Do you even know that?
You don't need this place or a strip club to be happy.
Yes, I do.
I'm physically addicted to the good times.
I understand that.
Sir, you have my word that if you come back to Strickland propane, I will do everything in my power to prove to you that work can be fun.
Fun, huh?
Okay, our first order of business is a special hello to Mr. Strickland, who is with us.
I'll take it from here, Hank.
Now, how do we make Strickland propane fun?
You know.
You.
You!
Sir, this sounds like new business.
Ordinarily, we start with old business.
Here's the frozen cow operations, man.
You're which I stole from that white kid with the dreadlocks.
We're gonna use this book to turn Strickland into the happiest propane dealer on Earth.
Here's the first number we're gonna learn.
Joe Jack, let me hear you big pipes.
I've been working at the
Propaneery all the day.
Sir, I know I said that work could be fun, but shut up.
Take the tent.
I can't hear you.
Sorry, we don't sell 10, 20, and 30 gallon tanks anymore.
Our new sizes are like it, love it, and don't come any closer.
I'm insane for propane.
Now, I'll take the big one, I guess.
All right.
Someone's insane.
Look out.
Someone's insane.
I got my eye on you, nutcase.
What about propane?
That's what we're actually selling here.
That's the old way of thinking.
What we're selling is a fun environment to buy propane in.
Well, how are we going to get all the work done with everyone cutting up all the time?
Old work can get done alright.
It'll be fun.
You promised.
Are you sure they're gonna let us in for free just because you work for the paper?
Good point, Bobby.
I will need to make them think I'm here on official business.
Yeah.
Piggy Hill, Arlen bystander.
Our readers want to know if a goat really could save a down-and-out football team.
$11.
Have you ever heard of freedom of the press?
That means I don't pay.
Okay.
Four dollars for the kid.
Hey, the man, Bobby.
I'm off to review some popcorn.
What happened to Boy also?
Sorry I'm late.
Buck's making us have so much fun all day, there's no time to get to the actual work.
I thought you wanted Buck to spend more time at the office.
Well, that was before he got all his priorities out of whack.
Now I've got to learn juggling to entertain customers.
I can teach you the most essential fun skill of all, Hank.
Throwing your voice.
Who said that?
I did.
Well, are you behind that tree over there?
No, I'm in the garbage can.
Whoever you are, don't bother me while I sip my beer.
No, no, no.
Okay, that last time was me.
And remember, propane's not just a gas, it's a gas.
Hey, I can't breathe with this on!
I can't really swallow this thing, honey.
That was just talk.
Just hang in there, guys.
All this nonsense can't be good for business, and sooner or later, Mr. Strickland has to realize it.
Well, at least that means it's closing time.
Now we can finally get to inventory.
Maybe make it home in time for dinner.
What's everybody doing?
I don't hear any laughing.
Well, we're all doing inventory, sir.
And Joe Jack may be going to the urgent care.
A poke, my talk tube.
Inventory?
That's boring.
We can do that kind of stuff later.
Right now, we should be playing Put Put Golf.
Golf?
Sir, no, we really have to... What we have to do is build some team spirit.
You said I could count on you, Hank.
Well, I'm counting.
So the Put Put Golf is mandatory?
No, it's fundatory.
And hey, after that, we can have a pizza party.
Pizza?
Ugh, I'm full.
But I think we'd better review the whole dessert cart anyway.
My readers deserve nothing less.
Bobby, I'll be right back.
Incredibly expensive wine goes right through you.
And we didn't even make it back to the office because the dang pizza place had a karaoke machine.
You never really noticed that American pie is seven minutes long until your boss makes you sing it.
How was their pizza?
Big choice of toppings?
Dessert bar?
Sounds like there's a story there for me around lunchtime.
You're lucky you can enjoy your work.
Tomorrow I'm the official Strickland tickler.
I might have to call in sick.
Hey!
I don't look like a bunny!
I look like a goat!
This is about the barbecue mitts, isn't it?
Look, I know this has been tough, but Buck's going over receipts right now.
He's still a businessman, and there hadn't been a customer in here all day.
Once he sees we're losing money, he'll pull the plug on all this goddamn fun.
Alright attention everyone, I've just been going over our financials and the news ain't good.
Ah, gracias madre de Dios.
It's great!
In the first week of business, the new fund stricklin' made $300 more than the old boring stricklin'.
Business is up?
Yeah, and we're just starting.
From now on, we won't be having fun.
We'll be having super bubbo fun.
Sir, we're all kind of exhausted.
Exhausted?
Don't worry, cause I got something for that.
Besides, we got to do inventory tonight.
And you know what's gonna make that fun.
Check your desk drawers and you gonna find out.
Good jammers.
Yeah, Hank was right all along.
Dang it, work ain't be fun.
We're gonna have us a all night slupper party.
I gotta bust out of here, Hank.
You don't know this, but I've been locked up before.
You're not locked up, you're just kinda being held hostage.
After the game's over, we'll get inventory done and get the heck out of here.
in the microwaves.
What word were we on?
Pomegranate.
And Joe Jack's narrowed it down to three definitions.
Pomegranate.
What a cheerleader cheers with.
A fruit with juicy seeds?
Or a sack of dirt you hit yourself on the head with.
That one, I guess.
Joe Jack, you stinky dictionary.
A pomegranate's a fruit boy fruit.
A delicious fruit.
That's your new nickname.
Pomegranate.
Can we get to work?
It's my husband's birthday for another 10 minutes.
I just want to get home.
Hey Enrique, you're not the wet blanket anymore.
She is.
Hank, I can't take this anymore.
Just hold on Enrique, this can't go on forever.
Oh God, he's got risk.
Look alive, Enrique!
Kim Check is calling Japan out!
Maybe that should be our cue to call it a night, sir.
I'll just guesstimate the number of meat thermometers.
What's the matter with you people?
Now, I try to make working in the crummy propane refund, and, well, plainly, I need to soak a bunch more wet blankets!
I won't wear the blanket again, honey.
I swear I won't.
I hate it too, but you can't argue with Mr. Strickland.
Not when business is up.
I mean, look at this.
We were up 40 bucks on Monday, 80 on Tuesday, 60 Wednesday.
Huh.
It's always exact increments of $20.
Wait a second.
Donna, does Buck know the combination to the cash box?
Sure.
Every time he'd go to Jugstore Cowboys, he'd help himself to some 20s.
That's why business is up.
It's just because Buck isn't raiding the register and blowing the money at the strip bar.
There's no reason to do any of this, Junk.
When he comes back, I say we throw a blanket over his head and do what feels right.
Sure, that might make us all feel better in the short term, but the moment he regains consciousness, we're right back where we started.
Enrique, make sure Joe Jack doesn't kill Mr. Strickland while I'm gone.
You gotta let Buck come back, Keith.
He's your best customer.
Well, the girls are kinda thrown off.
They're so used to Buck being in his usual seat, half the time they end up plopping down in an empty chair.
And if I'm not mistaken, your revenues are down by at least $300 a week.
Okay.
If he crawled here on his hands and knees and begged forgiveness, I might consider taking him back.
Well, he won't do that now.
Buck wanted to come here to apologize the very next day after his banishment, but I talked him out of it.
I'm the one you should ban from jugstores, not Buck.
Then you're banished too!
But that doesn't change anything with Buck.
Look, you guys need each other.
Well, it would sure be nice to hear Buck say that.
Huh.
Truth or dare, Enrique?
Ever kill anyone?
No!
Darn!
I thought you were gonna take the dare.
I was gonna blindfold you and make you sniff the mystery foot.
Stricklin' propane.
It's a gas, gas, gas!
Sir, I'm over here at the Frozen Cow Creamery and they've got a new fun activity.
I think you might want to steal.
No!
I'm gonna go right now.
I'm gonna run right over there.
Here, come run for it.
This is a contest.
Isn't it a new flavor?
We'll get to that.
Hey Troy, how about a mother load of berry interesting?
I'm on it.
9.15.
Isn't that when Trixie goes on?
Yeah, usually.
I mean, sometimes Raven takes that shift.
I don't know.
Sometimes they both, sir.
Eat, eat, eat ice cream here at Frozen Cow.
Merrily, merrily, merrily, merrily, eat your ice cream now.
You smell that hack?
Smell like them Swedish meatballs they serve at junk stores.
You don't have a new Swedish meatball flavor, do you boy?
Of course not, of course not.
I must be sleep deprived or something.
Maybe.
Hey, could you break this 20 into, uh, singles?
Huh?
For a tip?
Shouldn't we be getting back to the office?
Sir, I've got 20 singles for you.
Now, do you want to put them back in the register at work, or put them in the tip jar here so you can hear Troy sing some more, or put them to use over at Jugstore Cowboys?
Joe Jack was working on some tongue twisters that were pretty nifty, and, uh, that thing, I'm spelling meatballs.
I want to go to my sniff club!
Then do it, sir.
In fact, I was ashamed guilty of gluttony vis-à-vis Keith's buffet, but I can't apologize to him.
I just can't.
You just did, Buck.
And I accept.
I didn't apologize!
You old humpback toad!
I gotcha.
Well, this isn't an apology either, but I do like to defrost a tray of hors d'oeuvres for my best customer.
Now, why don't you two gentlemen continue this discussion of who's not apologizing in a more adult atmosphere?
I believe I know just the place, but I might be the latest midge getting back to the office, Hank.
Can I count on you to keep things on track and stricklin', you know, with the fun and such?
I guarantee it.
There's your pomegranate, honey.
You're right Hank, this bonfire is fun!
Yep, and you know what's gonna be even more fun?
Getting back to work.
He wants you to bring him some pants.
