Why do you say we tee off together, Hank?
Sure thing, Willie.
Dead solid perfect!
Ha ha!
You know, Hank, I've always wanted to sell propane and propane accessories like you do.
I guess this dang music thing came up.
Well, there ain't no change in the past, I guess.
Let's jam.
What in the name of dad?
Bobby!
Uh-oh.
Son, have you lost your mind?
Aren't you supposed to knock first?
I could have been naked.
Bobby, how many times have I told you?
Betsy is not a toy.
She's a 1963 Guild Solid Top... What's that smell?
You been playing this with your feet?
That's cheese, Dad.
Why would there ever be cheese on Betsy?
It's funny.
It's a comedy routine.
You know, you play the guitar with a piece of cheese and you go, hey, look at me.
I'm Eddie Cheddar.
You know it's from Celeryhead.
What is a celery head?
He's the world's best comedian.
He glues things.
Like he glues a clean Xbox to a tennis shoe and goes, this is in case you have a runny nose.
That's not a joke, son.
That's a waste of good glue.
Well, he makes $3 million a year.
You must have got that wrong.
People don't pay money to see things like that.
Now, Robert Klein, that's something you pay money for.
What is going on in there?
Thank you, I'm worried about our boy.
Some green-haired freak told him to rub cheese on my guitar.
Oh, you mean celery head.
I saw him on entertainment tonight.
He makes three million dollars a year.
Luan, good lord, put on some pants.
I'm wearing shorts.
Don't scare me like that.
Look at this, Peggy, the boy chipped Betsy's bridge.
And he woke me up from my Willie Nelson golfing dream number three.
I, calm down, it is just a bunch of wood and some wires.
Wood and wires?
I've had Betsy since high school.
I took her to the prom.
I love this guitar.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
Do you understand what love means?
Yes, I love my family.
Yeah, now you're getting it.
That's the kind of love I have for Betsy.
I'm going back to sleep, you coming?
I'm already up.
Besides, I wouldn't want to make Betsy jealous.
Luanne, would you please not sit like that?
I sell propane and propane accessories, I tell you what.
Shut up, Dale!
Oh, Willie, no!
That's a one-way street!
Right, Bobby.
What happened to my truck?
Your mower hit it.
Well, maybe I ought to send my mower to one of those children psychologists.
Are you mad about something, Aunt Peggy?
Mad.
Why would I be mad?
Just because Hank pays more attention to that silly guitar than he does to me.
Lay off the gas, Aunt Peggy.
If I break another nail, I'll fail my manicure final.
Are you having trouble at the beauty academy, Louie?
No.
I'm also failing braid work.
Braid work does not come natural to the women in our family, honey.
You know it, I know it, and the whole town knows it.
Sounds like your whore's going off.
You really think so, Bill?
Oh, yeah.
Damn it, Hank.
You know I can't have loud, sudden noises while I'm meditating.
I was a nose hair away from attaining inner peace.
Don't even try to take credit for that.
It was not done by me.
It was done through me.
What is that chinging noise?
One of those stealth helicopters with computerized noise cancellation capability.
They're still working the chings out.
How'd you know about stealth helicopters?
Alt dot conspiracy dot black dot helicopters.
Yeah, man, I'll tell you what, that dang old internet, man.
You just go on there and point and click, get in there and talk about www.duby.com and you got that naked chicks on there, man.
You just go click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click.
It's real easy, man.
Bobby, give me that club!
Son, maybe I'm not getting through to you.
Let me explain.
You gotta respect other people's things.
You do not use a man's pitching wedge to hit clumps of mud.
It's not mud, dad.
It's dog dew.
Boy ain't right.
Oh yeah!
Excellent workout.
I got my rotator cuff rotating.
My face feels weird.
Carlos!
Carlos?
You name your things, I'll name mine.
Well, what about that thing named Bobby?
What are we going to do about him?
He seems bent on destroying everything I own.
Why can't he turn that energy into something useful?
Like that boy with no legs who ran across Canada.
Maybe you need to spend some time together, you know, just talking you and Bobby.
Mano a mano.
Well, I can't now, I'm going golfing.
Peg, we're riding to full 18 holes today.
You know what that kind of stress can do to a boy?
Bobby, I apologize for yelling at you, but sometimes you just don't listen.
It's like you got a problem with concentration.
Bobby?
Bobby?
Bobby!
Hey!
You just killed me!
Well, you needed killing.
You know, I've been thinking, son, and I realized you don't have any goals.
You gotta figure out what you wanna do with your life.
Okay, can we go to Six Flags?
I think you need a role model, Bobby.
Someone to emulate, a hero.
Someone besides that broccoli neck.
How about Eddie Stilson?
Can I emulate him?
Now there you go, Eddie Stilson.
Which one's he, the space shuttle astronaut or the stock car champ?
He got to the end of level six and screamed ninja.
Bobby, when I say hero, I don't mean some weird Game Boy freak.
If you don't watch it, you're gonna end up like Jason Adderley's boy.
Deal me out this hand, Jason.
I'm about to bust.
Oh, I'm sorry, I thought this was the bathroom.
Oh, good lord!
You know Howard Adderley?
He's my number two hero after Eddie Stilson.
Bobby, you need to be lectured all afternoon.
Peggy, I'm taking the boy golfing, and that's that.
Careful now, Peggy.
Betsy isn't strapped in yet.
Oh, do not tell me you are taking that thing golfing with you now.
Don't be silly, Peg.
Just bring her in to get fixed.
Sit in the middle, son.
I want to make sure Betsy's in front of the airbag.
So Bobby, we gotta think of a hero for you.
Do you have a hero, Dad?
I sure do, and it's Willie Nelson.
How cool.
Well, you might say he's been my inspiration.
See, Willie grew up in Texas, and I grew up in Texas.
He loves golfing and playing guitar.
I love golfing and playing guitar.
He's had trouble with the IRS, and I must have spent six hours last April on that 1040 form.
Easy, my ass.
Do you have a hero like that?
Uh, Willie Nelson?
You're just saying Willie Nelson because I said Willie Nelson.
No, I like Willie Nelson.
He's got long hair.
He's alternative.
Now you take that back.
I followed that man from country western to country to adult contemporary and that's as far as I'm going.
Here son, take a look at that.
That's Willie Nelson's own personal golf course.
I am going to show that brain machine who's boss, Aunt Peggy.
Go on the wind.
Show this town there's a braider in the family.
I'm not scared of you.
This time I'm going to beat you at your own game.
Miss Cramsire!
It's the bridge, isn't it?
Well, bridge is the symptom.
Frat asymmetry is the disease.
Smells like a belly button.
Yeah, my son was playing it with a piece of cheese.
You mean like celery head?
Look, I'm Camembert Humperdinger.
Les, go in the back and alphabetize the guitar strings.
Now alphabetize by letter or... Les.
Okay.
All right.
Geez or not, this is a sweet, sweet guitar.
Is she for sale?
Not hardly.
Just fix the bridge, Earl.
Oh, I didn't think so.
Most guys would sell their wives before they'd sell a guitar like this.
I gotta remember that one.
Oh, heck, I got a million of them.
Like, women are a lot like a guitar.
They both come with strings attached.
Oh, actually, I guess those are the only two.
Most women will be threatened by Betsy, but not me.
I don't care.
And I would like to see that guitar come home and chicken fry a steak after substitute teaching all day.
Ow.
Well, thank you, Mrs. Hellman.
Santa Claus!
What are you talking about?
Santa Claus!
He could be the boy's hero in one twenty-four hour period.
He delivers toys and enjoyed every child on earth.
Santa Claus is for babies.
You're a mean one, Mr. Grinch.
Damn Russian titanium, my lord.
Huh.
Maybe it's just first-hold jitters.
Got any tips, boomhauer?
Yeah, man.
I'll tell you what you do, man.
You just gotta keep that thing of warm straight, man.
Y'all put your left hand still, man.
Just speed it the hell up.
Let's roll.
Come on, Bobby.
Oh, man.
I'm out of cigarettes.
This ain't gonna get yoked.
It has to... four.
Mr. Gribble, who's your all-time hero?
You are, if you get me some smokes.
So the stripper says to the priest... Build the boy.
She says I decided to repent and become a nun.
And I owe a nun.
That's pretty funny.
Hey, Dad, watch this.
No, no, son, don't.
All right, Bobby.
Well, I'll be.
Son, you just might be the next Lee Trevino without the crazy accent.
Tell you what, I'm going to let you tee off on this hole.
Okay.
That's okay, Bobby.
You can do it.
Just choke up on it and swing less like a girl.
I get a do-over.
Bobby, hop in.
Hank, dispose of the witnesses.
Dale, come back here.
Willie Nelson.
Check his pockets for cigarettes.
Willie Nelson, oh my lord, are you okay?
Am I bleeding from the ears?
No.
Then I must be okay then.
Oh, Mr. Nelson, I am so sorry.
My boy is new to golf and oh gosh, I'm your biggest fan.
I go to every concert I can.
I've been to every farm aid except one.
I don't much care for that Brian Adams.
Damn, I wish I had my guitar here with me for you to sign.
Here, why don't you make it out to, let's say, to my best friend.
No, no, I don't want you to lie to my good friend.
Hmm.
To my number one fan, Hank Hill.
Uh, hey, hey, Willie.
You know, I play guitar too.
I also play golf, but you already know that.
But you probably don't know you're, uh, you're my hero.
He took our cart.
Was he bleeding from the ears?
No.
Well, he must be okay then.
You don't understand, Peg.
A man only gets a chance to meet Willie Nelson once in his life.
It's supposed to be special.
We meet on the golf course, he compliments my perfect swing.
We start talking about music, cut an album, go on tour, open a chicken franchise.
How's that gonna happen now?
It's my fault forever, taking the boy with me.
I said I was sorry.
Um, are you Hank Hill?
Uh, yes.
I'm tired of being lack of focus.
I'm gonna show them I can do better.
I'm gonna make my dad proud.
I'm gonna not tell dad about that.
Hey, is that Ben Crenshaw Turbo Golf?
Yeah.
I can never get it past the bunker on the third hole.
Try letting it go just below the mark on your drive.
Hey, I know you.
You're the kid that rakes my lawn.
No, I'm the kid who hit you in the head.
With a rake?
No, with a golf club.
You've been raking my yard with a golf club?
I want my quarter back.
Hill residents?
Dad, guess where I am?
I don't know, let's see.
Crushing Dwight Yoakum's voice box with my five iron?
I'm at Willie Nelson's, and he wants you to come over!
Son, you're teasing the gorilla in the monkey house.
Willie Nelson here.
Practically blind in one eye now, but I got your son here.
I'm terribly sorry, Mr. Nelson.
Bobby's never stalked anyone before, and he's not very good at it.
I mean, well, he shouldn't be stalking anybody.
I'll come get him right away.
Bobby?
Bobby?
Outta my way, rooster boy.
Betsy?
What the?
Hey, Dad!
Hey, Hank.
Bobby's been telling me all about you.
I hear you're a guitar player, and that you got a narrow urethra.
Bobby?
Yeah, and he had me autograph your guitar.
You signed my guitar?
To my number one fan, Willie Nelson.
The fox chases the rabbit around the tree trunk and gets into the house.
I was so close.
Hill residents.
Peggy, you'll never guess.
I'm at Willie Nelson's house.
He says we're all invited to his barbecue.
Gee, I'd love to come, Hank, but Ann Richards and I are doing our toenails.
I don't think so, Peggy.
I'm looking at Ann Richards right now and she's playing tetherball with one of my roadies.
See, that was him.
Oh, my lord, what do I wear?
Peg, where any old thing?
Oh, just don't forget to bring Betsy's orange woven shoulder strap.
Betsy sure is a beaut, Hank.
I think Trigger's getting jealous.
Well, thank you, Willie.
Sure means a lot coming from you.
You know what they say?
I'd sell my wife before I'd sell my guitar.
I tell you what, man, you did that dang ol' mid-mid-midst of the tambourine, man.
Somebody did come play a song for me, you know, then you got to change your name to Zimmerman, y'all born again.
Well, a whole bunch of kids coming around and, hey, mad dog, ten of them going platinum.
You know those accounting firms and that dang ol' boomer.
Uh, ma'am, you're gonna want to angle that glass.
Uh-uh, you're blowing it.
You're gonna get nothing but foam.
Mm-hmm.
You know, Mr. Hopper, I just loved you in that movie.
You know, the one where you played a mad villain.
Come on, Peggy, you wild thing.
Let's drive straight down to Mexico, huh?
Come on, right this minute.
Mexico.
I wonder what a wife goes for down there, huh?
One guitar, two guitars.
I will have to ask Hank.
Los Mariachi's so deablos.
He's not treating you right, Peggy.
A delicate flower like you.
You want me to kick his ass?
Oh, you are so sweet to offer, Dennis.
But Hank would flatten you out like a bug.
No, this is something Peggy Hill has to handle on her own.
Oh yeah!
Haha, you go girl!
That's some boy you got there, Hank.
Well, it's nice of you to say that, Willie.
But Bobby's got no direction in life.
No heroes.
When I was his age, I worshipped you.
And Jesus, of course.
Ever think you're too tough on the boy?
Oh, I don't know.
Just today, he chipped Betsy's bridge, ran into my truck with the mower, dinged up my favorite wedge, and then dinged you up worse.
Well, now hold on there, Hank.
You think about it.
Bobby wants to play your guitar, ride your mower, and swing your golf club.
I believe that kid does have a hero, and his name is Hank Hall.
Uh, Hill.
Uh, yeah, right.
Bobby?
Bobby?
Bobby!
What?
I just want to, uh, thank you for helping me meet my hero and having him sign my guitar.
I helped him put Whiteman in his eye.
Now I'm gonna show you something you can do with a guitar that doesn't involve cheese.
This is a song I wrote a long time ago.
Well, I know a gal with the purdy legs.
She's a gal who can fry my eggs.
And her name is Peggy.
Well, Peggy, Peggy, Peggy, Peggy, Peggy, Peggy.
my pig leg.
Well, I love you and I love you, Peggy Pig.
Well, uh, then it just sort of goes off into a buddy holly riff.
Oh, Hank.
Peggy, oh, I didn't realize you were there.
Here, Bobby, go practice.
Are you sure it's okay for me?
Yeah.
You know, I was headed over here to knock you six ways from Sunday with that guitar.
Then I get here and you're playing that old song years and
out.
I love you, propane man.
You braided that perfect lumen, but next time lighten up a little on the glitter spray.
He's got hold of this a little longer before we go ahead.
Now?
That's a good start.
