to Travis, may you have as many sick days in retirement as you had in your 40 years working at Strickland Propane, which is three.
Speech!
Speech!
Yeah!
Come on, old boy, go ahead.
Yeah!
Oh, it's funny.
This was just supposed to be a two-week gig until I got my pilot's license.
But I guess like so many other dreams, time has a way of slipping through your fingers.
Cake?
Cake's good.
That's tasty.
This is delicious.
Travis didn't want to take this home.
No, he's a diabetic.
The cake was just for ceremony.
Diabetic, huh?
Well, Travis does not know what he's missing.
Yep, the new guy starts Monday and I'm kind of nervous for him.
It can't be easy coming in as a rookie to a championship team.
Now that's true.
Thirteen years later, Lady Bird still has it out for Bobby.
What?
Well, who wants coffee?
So the thing about working here is we treat all our customers like they're purchasing a Wagner Imperial even if they can only afford the citizen.
Oh, and even though the display food is plastic, we still like you to wash your hands before handling it.
Wow.
This sure is a world away from Taco Bueno.
You've got 40 years.
You'll get the swing of it.
Well, I'll let you hit the books there, rookie.
Whistling was Travis's thing.
Oh, sorry.
That's okay, Rich.
You had no way of knowing that.
Thanks for the coupon to the Olive Garden, Hank.
The tour of Italy was delicious.
Hey, Rich, why don't you pull up a chair?
That's okay.
You got a full table.
I'll just eat in my car.
Nonsense.
We'll make room.
Oh, yeah.
Squeeze in.
We were just talking about the Olive Garden, Rich.
Oh, I love that place.
They got a couple of waitresses I wouldn't kick out of bed for eating lasagna, if you get what I'm saying.
Rich, could you give me a hand unloading those meat thermometers out back?
Sure.
So, where do you want me?
There are no meat thermometers out here, Rich.
I just made that up to save you the embarrassment.
I think you might have learned some bad habits at Taco Bueno.
Oh, yeah?
That comment about the, uh, the lasagna?
Well, here at Strickland, we try not to say things that are not funny and also disgusting.
Oh, I crossed the line.
I'm sorry.
It was just off the cuff.
I thought Donna laughed.
Well, she was being polite.
That's why we keep her at the front desk.
Uh, I didn't think she was just being... You know what?
Doesn't matter.
Rules are rules.
Atta boy, Rich.
You'll do just fine.
Eating lasagna in bed.
Hey Rich, you get those metamometers put away?
Uh, yeah, except for the one I got right here.
You stole a metam... Hey, can you toss me that back brace?
I got some heavy lifting to do here.
Me too.
Where's the urinal?
That was Moretti's grill.
They're having problems with the burners again.
I need an 8-inch L-pipe.
That's what she said.
Oh, did their hostess call too?
Uh, yeah.
Huh.
Oh, here's one.
Well, I should be back by three.
I hope the threading's not stripped.
I mean, if I have to do it manually, I'll be down there for hours.
That's what she said, right?
Yes, Enrique.
That is exactly what she said.
Yeah.
I don't know why I'm laughing.
It sounds like I'm going to be down there all night.
It was really weird.
I showed up at Moretti's Grill to do some work, and the hostess didn't even know I was coming.
Hostesses can be very flighty.
That's why they only let them carry menus.
Yeah, but before I left the office, the new guy made it sound like she was on top of everything.
Heck, even as I was heading out the door, I just mentioned that I hoped my cordless drill had enough juice for the job, and Rich said, that's what she said.
And then everybody high-fived and, uh,
Oh, no.
It was an intimate joke.
God, Joe Jack was laughing and Donna was laughing.
I've never seen him laugh so hard.
Yep, people do love the off-color jokes.
You would not believe how many times the kids asked me how to say, Poopoo in Spanish.
Ugh.
It's la tierra de la trasero.
The literal translation is Earth of the But.
I made it up, but the kids seemed to like it.
And how?
Yep.
Yep.
Mm-hmm.
It's official.
I've quit smoking.
I'm off the junk.
Well, good for you, Dale.
What brought this on?
Oh, Nancy's been nagging me ever since our bed caught fire.
I went a little heavy on the aftershave, lit one up, and kaboom.
Check out my eyebrows.
It's mascara.
Well, congratulations.
I know how hard it is to quit smoking.
Not with my nifty little miracle cure.
Yes, gentlemen, it crushes the craving without any of the undesirable side effects.
Joey DeBacco.
That's disgusting.
Will someone please tell me what happened to Goodmanners?
It's like this new guy at work.
He turns every little comment into a vulgarity.
It's awful.
I'll tell you what, man.
It's like them dang old world becoming sewer, man.
Like them chock-jockin' them wrappers, too, man.
Like I don't miss manners panties in a bunch, man.
You're right.
I can't believe the filth they're putting on TV these days.
And they just beam it right into my home.
I hit the pay-per-view button, and there it is, right in front of me.
Well, that's life in the 21st century for ya.
We just have to learn to accept it.
Accept it, Bill.
Well, crudeness might be cool everywhere else, but I won't accept it in my home, and I certainly won't accept it in my home away from home.
From now on, at Strickland Propane, she is going to say nothing.
That's what I said.
Hey, someone tickled me.
I want to make this stuff come out my nose.
Hey, Donna, listen to the new nickname that Rich thought up for Enrique.
You mean, Enrique Gay?
Man, you could be on Mad TV.
Yeah, but then I couldn't hang out here with you and Joe Jack.
Or should I say, Low Crack.
Pull up your pants before I drop a quarter in there and make a phone call.
Hey, what's the matter, Low Crack?
Can you take a joke?
I can take it.
That's what she said.
That's what she said.
OK, someone want to tell me what's so funny here?
Maybe you should ask Henry Gay.
No, no, that is not funny.
It's the kind of thing a first grader would say, and then he'd get his mouth washed out with soap.
Now this is a place of work, so I want this behavior to stop right now.
It's crude, unprofessional, and just plain not funny.
Is there a problem here, Hank?
Nope.
We were just having a little discussion on office decorum.
Nothing I can't handle.
Well, all right then.
Y'all should be well advised to do what this man tells you.
He is my proxy when I am in absentia.
Well, thank you, sir.
I appreciate you getting behind me.
That's what she said.
Yeah, yeah, get behind me!
Hee hee hee hee!
Hee hee hee!
Ha ha, funny!
Damn, you quick boy!
That's what she said.
About Joe Jack!
No!
No, no, no, stop!
That's what she said!
Sir, no!
You're funny and not comedians that ruin Monday Night Football!
Ha ha ha ha!
Here's my specimen, Sampo, honey.
Good lord, old Top, what you doing in there?
No, no, that was not me.
It's not funny and a waste of a perfectly good 9 volt battery.
How do the Chinese let themselves get talked into making these things?
What'd we do for fun before we had one of these?
Yeah, quitting smoking is the best thing I've ever done.
Check this out.
A couple days ago that would've killed me.
Hey, Hank.
Don't you want a beer?
What I want is a professional working environment, where it's hard work that earns your colleagues respect, not the ability to rhyme your name with a body part.
You got that in your cooler, Bill?
If I check, you're gonna make fun of me, right?
Was that, Hank?
I blacked out there for a second.
I don't get it.
What is so funny about putting a prophylactic on my mag light?
Not the mag light I gave you for Christmas.
Well, needless to say, it went straight into the garbage.
Dad, I've dealt with a lot of bullies in my day.
And I've learned that the most effective strategy is to fight fire with fire.
Whoopie cushions, plastic vomit.
I thought I banned these things from the house.
Dad, now's not the time.
Who in a can?
Remember that creep Pete Sheldon?
The wet Willy guy?
A little dab of this on his chair, and let's just say his new nickname is Peter Pantload.
Hey, what are you doing?
I'm throwing this stuff out.
When you stoop to their level, you're no better than they are.
At least leave me the fake barf.
I've got Jim tomorrow!
Alrighty.
Ready to hit the links old top.
Don't want to keep the clients waiting.
You kidding sir, I've been looking forward to it all week.
Oh, yeah.
About that Hank.
What?
You're taking him?
He can't handle the Vista Village account.
Tell me the difference between a positive placement pump and a vertical turbine pump.
Um...
I know the placement of my pump, and when I see your mama, that's it.
I'm kicking your ass.
Ooh, now who's the potty mouth?
Now, get cold yourself, Hank.
This ain't no fraternity party.
You can't go around hitting people.
Come on, Rich.
That's ski-dooks.
Don't worry, boss.
Oh, wow, these guys.
I worked up this great little bit with a ball washer.
I can't wait to see it.
Hey, you made a lane change without signaling.
Thanks for seeing me, Mrs. Borginnis.
It's Ms.
Borginnis, but yes, I'm married, and Borginnis is my husband's name.
Uh... So why don't you tell me your problem?
Uh, well, as you can probably tell from my jacket and my hat and my shirt, I sell propane and propane accessories.
Uh-huh.
Now, don't get me wrong, I have the best job in the world.
But this guy Rich has been making a lot of, uh, jokes.
Jokes?
What kind of jokes?
Knock, knock, ding, dong, what are we talking about?
Uh, jokes that, uh, you know, use vulgarity.
You know, jokes about mourning nature functions.
Plus I can't say the word meet without someone giggling.
And yesterday someone took my employee of the month picture and drew a beard on it.
But not where you think.
pervasive pattern of demeaning behavior, hostile work environment affecting job performance.
Mr. Hill?
I believe we have a strong case for a lawsuit based on male-on-male sexual harassment.
Male-on-male sexual harassment?
Ugh, no.
Look.
Sexual harassment is just an umbrella term that covers a wide variety of offenses.
Do you validate or am I stuck for the 75 cents?
Please, just take this literature.
You know what?
I'll pay the 75 cents myself.
Ah, propane emergency, ma'am.
I'm gonna need to commandeer your phone.
This is Hank Hill, Strickland propane.
Yes, I'd like to report a gas leak.
Oh, okay.
Just remain calm and tell me where it is.
Miss Borghenous, I'll take that literature.
See, sexual harassment is an umbrella term.
It doesn't just cover women, but also men and transgender individuals.
Hank, you'll be a trailblazer.
Now, I know it is not fun being the first, but it may mean you could be the last.
That's a great line for the movie.
Joe Beth Williams will knock it out of the park.
Ah.
Pass tag!
You're it!
Hey Enrique, I didn't know you were married to a monkey.
What happened to the picture of my wife?
I don't know, did you check the men's room?
I'm married to a monkey.
I gotta make this quick, but I love you.
Well, Hank, I was just... We don't have much time.
I've been watching you.
You don't think any of this rich stuff is funny either, do you?
What do you mean?
I think it... I hate it.
I hate it.
I don't want to come to work.
I have nightmares.
I can't even eat a hot dog anymore.
Well, I think I know how we can stop it.
I talked with this lawyer who thinks we can sue for, you know, male-on-male sexual harassment.
Sexual harassment?
It's an umbrella term.
You and me suing for sexual harassment?
I'm sorry, Hank.
Enrique, look who just came out of the closet.
Yep.
Yep.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, Nancy's at it again.
Now she's got some new rule about spitting on the carpet.
So now I have to stuff my chewing tobacco into this paper cone and inhale the aroma.
Not really working.
Boom, Howard, you're a genius.
What should we call this new invention?
Well, I guess that's a night.
Back to the potty factory tomorrow.
Did Hank get a new job?
I'm choking.
Need something to drink.
Hashtag time out.
Hey, I didn't get a timeout when I cut my thumb open.
Come on guys, have a heart.
Joe Jack's choking.
Time out.
Here you go, Joe Jack.
Have a soda.
Nice try.
Yeah, I think I got a clogged nozzle.
Can you guys take a look?
This man needs to be serviced.
Would you like to service this man, Enrique?
Oh, no.
Look, I got the extended warranty.
Extended, huh?
Huh?
What the hell with this?
Good morning, sir.
Are you being helped?
Huh.
You're the ones who need help.
That does it.
This is a place of business, and you've turned it into a cesspool.
Lighten up, Mrs. Hill.
We're just having fun.
No, you're having fun.
But I'm not, and I know for a fact that Enrique hates it.
Joe Jack, you've been coughing since I walked in here because you're too scared to get up and get a drink.
Haha, choking to death is real funny.
Look at us, wallowing in our own filthy behavior, so bent on being crass we can't even trust each other.
Sure, it's done in the name of comedy, but is debasing ourselves really that hilarious?
Don't you wish we could still say words like meat and tool and unit without someone turning it into something foul?
Those are our words.
I say let's take them back.
Even if we do agree with you, honey, Buck thinks it's funny and he's the one signing our paychecks.
Yeah, I'm about to see you as a woman.
Hank.
Wow.
I guess I didn't realize how bad you felt about this.
But there's something else you don't realize.
You are open.
Ass tag!
How about it?
Let's hear it for the number one, Ass Assen.
That does it.
I don't care what Buck or anyone else thinks.
I'm gonna do what your mom should have done a long time ago.
Hey, come on, Hank.
Let go.
Mr. Strickland isn't gonna like this.
Oh, gonna brush your teeth before you kiss me?
Well, still not interested.
No, Rich.
You've got a potty mouth, and I'm gonna wash it out with soap.
What?
No!
Oh, come on, guys.
Give me a hand.
Hank, let him go.
What has gotten into you?
Buck, he attacked me!
Sir, it's true, but I just couldn't take this garbage anymore.
Either it doesn't belong in the workplace or I don't.
You heard him, Buck.
Fire him.
You all feel the same as Hank?
Even about the fart machine?
What the hell?
I never thought it was funny neither.
Terrible stuff.
Uh-uh.
It was as vulgar as what it was.
But fuck.
Watch it, Richard.
I'll turn Hank loose with a toilet scrubber.
Okay team, gather round.
I'm gonna tell you about the new improvements on the Wagner 2800 series.
The first thing is that it'll smoke your meat.
And it's got a nice big rack for your buns.
Or wieners.
Or wieners.
Why not?
It's good to say wieners again.
Or sausage.
That's what she said about Joe Jack.
