I'm Buck Strickland, and if you don't recognize me, you're at the wrong event.
Now, the assistant managers of the five Strickland propane branches, and I welcome you all to our annual winter picnic.
We have gathered here to celebrate propane.
God's guess.
And who could ignite the celebration better than our senior assistant manager, Mr. Hank Hill?
Hank, could you do the honors?
I'd be honored.
Well, hurry up, Hank.
Turn winter into summer.
Wow, Mr. Strickland.
It's like you always find the exact right moment to flip those burgers.
And I think you'll also find that now is the exact right moment for my total quality management proposal.
Oh, for God's sake.
Hey, Vickers, who do you like for the Super Bowl next year?
The doopy-loopies or the shimmy-shimmies?
Okay, okay, very funny, but I like the bills.
Look mom, ash, there must be a volcano somewhere.
It's, it's snowing.
Okay, I have been through this before in Montana.
Now nobody lick any flag poles.
Snow.
Texans aren't prepared for this kind of nightmare, sir.
We gotta work fast.
I'll unlock the gas reserves while you rally the troops.
This is a propane emergency, no time for chewing.
If we don't get heat to the people, you can bet the electric company will.
Joe Jack, fire up the bobtail truck.
Don't be a hero, Hank.
It's too late.
Can I come to you, Dad?
You bet, son.
If you can catch a bobtail on the fly, you're welcome at Strickland Propane.
Come on.
Slow down, Joe Jack.
Slow way down.
Slower.
Just stop the truck.
It's a winter wonderland!
I tell you what, man, it don't go down to Antarctica.
He ain't gonna get that damn thing to work with a little big old bottom like he got.
Wheeee!
No, ma'am, propane will not freeze.
Good news, Buck.
We can get propane to the nursing homes by diverting it away from the Museum of Modern Art.
If anyone asks, it was a tough choice.
Uh-huh.
That's why your dad's one of the greats.
Just watch and learn, son.
Maybe someday you'll be sitting in that seat.
Then where would he sit?
When things are gone, he'll be in the boss's chair.
Oh, no, sir.
I'll just keep the chair I have and wheel it over to your desk when the time comes.
Whew!
I'm beat.
I think I'm gonna call it a day.
Just gotta finish up my paperwork.
There.
Finished.
Hey, Dad!
How come I never got a Strickland calendar?
Uh, that's not for you, Bobby.
You're not old enough.
Well, hello, Miss November.
You be careful, that's flammable.
Uh, Bobby, why don't you go on outside and make snow angels?
Okay.
Oh, hey, speaking of angels, look at the wings on this piece of chicken, would you?
Would you?
Well, she certainly is attractive, sir, but I'm not sure that's an appropriate way to be talking about our cleaning lady.
Merry Christmas!
I see your stockings are sure hung with Gare.
Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh,
Hang on, Buck.
We've still got a lot of propane to sell together.
Hello?
Emergency room, please?
Mr. Strickland, you gotta use both arms.
Like me.
What do you think?
If I show up at the hospital with a tie on, it's kinda ghoulish.
It's like saying, why aren't you dead yet?
On the other hand, we are in a crisis and I will have to give orders.
See?
You are already thinking like a man in charts.
Oh, this is so exciting.
Save the tie for the funeral.
Everybody listen up.
Strickland is a family.
I'm like the daddy and the daddy ain't feeling so good.
So it's up to you kids to become leaders.
Make sure daddy's business don't get run into the ground.
You work for me?
Yes sir, Mr. Strickland.
I'm your daddy.
Now, all five of you kids are gonna have to pitch in, take on some added responsibility.
Could you ladies step outside for a minute, please?
I got a shot coming and it's just rude, you know, to make two such pretty girls stare at my bear backside.
All right, now that the skirts are out in the hallway, we can get down to business.
One of you has to run the company.
Hank, you're my right-hand man.
I need you to feed my hounds.
Uh... Promise me you take care of my hounds Hank.
I'll take care of them, sure.
Damn it, you will love them, Hank!
I'll... I'll... alright, I'll do so.
Vickers, you run the company.
Oh, she bang!
Let's see what that fancy business degree of yours is worth.
You betcha.
You're putting him in charge?
Mr. Strickland, I've been with the company 15 years.
Hank, I let you light the grill!
Right now, my hounds are starving!
I bought enough canned food to last us through this storm and the civil unrest that will inevitably follow.
Hope you like water chestnuts.
Uh, hey neighbor, I brought you something.
Water chestnuts?
Oh.
Thank you.
As a matter of fact, there is something you can give me in return.
I only have a three-week supply of propane, but you'll get Hank to hook me up.
You owe me.
Well, I'm sorry, Adele.
Hank may be in charge now, but you are not going to get any special treatment.
Hank's priorities are propane first, family second, friend's third in that order.
Fine.
I'll just have to barter for it.
Bill!
You like pumpkin pie feeling?
Pike!
Strickland picked Lloyd Vickers as interim manager.
What?
Look, that suck-up's not even fit to feed Strickland's dogs!
Uh, actually, that's my department now.
Oh, well, I'm sure it has its own set of challenges.
Does anyone know what this means?
You're gonna be doing drug testing?
You're thinking of PCP, and yes we are.
PDP, peak demand pricing.
This weather has created a propane shortage, therefore market forces dictate that we raise our prices.
In business school, that's called supply and demand.
Yeah, well in the real world, that's called sticking it to people when they need us most.
Hank, can we dialogue for a second?
I know this must be difficult for you.
So I'm working out some flex time so you can feed Mr. Strickland's dogs and clean their mess.
Look, let me tell you something you can only learn from experience.
You gotta treat people with respect.
You know who taught me that?
Buck Strickland.
He has the nerve to give me flex time.
That's what they give pregnant women and other disables.
Well, I don't know.
Hank sounds like he's just trying to empower you.
See, that's the fifth building block of total quality management.
Well, you won't be so quick to defend this guy when he raises propane prices ten cents a gallon.
That's insane.
Well, I'll tell you what, when Strickland gets back from the hospital and finds out about this, he's gonna have another heart attack.
Someone's gotta teach that Vickers a lesson.
If you want, I can show you how to make a bomb out of a roll of toilet paper and a stick of dynamite.
Why didn't Buck Strickland pick you to be boss dad?
Well, uh, sometimes in life, uh, uh, curveball and such, uh,
Uh, that's your ride, boy.
Hey, Joe Jack, can you give my boy a lift home?
Sorry, Hank.
Damn Vickers put tatlers in the trucks now.
What?
You can't do that.
What's a tatler?
It's a meter that tells a boss when the driver stops and for how long.
It's designed to prevent goof-offs, lunch breaks, unscheduled stops.
All the things the driver's union fought so hard for.
Meow!
Look at me!
I'm a kitty!
Meow!
Meow, meow!
Good doggy!
Look at me!
I'm a kitty!
Meow!
Meow!
Meow!
Meow, meow!
Good dog!
Look at me!
I've got whiskers!
I'm a kitty cat!
Run, honey!
I've seen you!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
This is ridiculous.
There's a snow crisis going on and I'm sitting here scrubbing off dog slobber.
Do not blame yourself.
Strickland is the fool who passed you over.
Well, no one bats a thousand.
Strickland's a good man.
He's the only other guy at the firm who has the same passion for propane that I do.
Oh, my lord.
What?
The stove.
It's not propane.
It's electric.
No.
Yes.
Well, it better be self-cleaning, because I think I'm gonna vomit.
How could you, sir?
How could you buy an electric stove after everything propane has given you?
Dang it, Hank.
We're both men of the world.
I got a whole bunch of electric appliances.
They came with the house.
But, Mr. Strickland, you've always said that propane is God's gas.
It's a higher calling.
Aw, hell, Haggaston!
It's just a business.
It's about making as much money as you can while you can.
That's why I let Vickers put in them tatlers.
What?
You knew about that?
Well, sure, I've been using tatlers off and on for years.
Back in the old days, we used midgets.
Stuck them behind the seats with a bucket of ice to keep them cool.
I still owe she came in and put them poor little people on the street.
That's what they like to be called, Hank Little People.
The 15 years I've worked with you have been the happiest years of my life.
Now I find out it was all a lie.
I never thought I would say this, but... Mr. Strickland, I'm not coming into work tomorrow.
You mean you quit or you've taken a personal day?
You heard me!
I just need a couple days up at the lake to figure out what I was meant to do in this life.
I've been taking a good hard look at the propane business and it's sort of like seeing a woman with her makeup off.
Sharonne Johnson came to beauty school once with her makeup off and nobody told her.
That was mean.
Dad, I got the stove.
Where's the propane thingy that goes into it?
Put it back, son.
There's no room for propane on this trip.
Now listen to me, Joe Jack.
We're just two steps from win-win.
Step one, you put the toddler boxes back in the trucks.
Step two, you keep your jobs.
Oh, I got a third step for you, honey.
We quit.
Fine.
Quit.
I've got a whole alumni newsletter full of friends I can call on.
They'll drive those trucks just for the life experience.
And I guess your friends are hazmat certified too.
Hazmat?
Hazardous material vickers you moron!
You need a special license to drive a propane truck?
It's alright sir, I can get to yes.
I'll hire a new batch of drivers right away.
You listen to me, God dang it!
It's the God dang height of the season!
There's no drivers from here to God dang city!
You're fired!
Here you go, sir.
I told you we should have stopped at the megalomark.
They don't even have a separate candy department here.
Bobby Hill, we are at a remote cabin out in the wilderness.
We will make our own candy.
Hank, what are you doing?
Put it down.
Now, someone might see.
Come on, Peggy.
Haven't you ever wondered what it's like to barbecue with charcoal?
You mean without propane?
But I don't think that... Well, well, yeah, I guess I am curious.
This is the Hill residence.
Please leave a message at the beach.
Hey, get your old buddy muck stickin'.
That vickers muck things up worse than Jack Kennedy at Piggy Bay, so I got no drivers.
I got no right-hand man that needs you on top.
I need you bad.
Clubs are 21-24.
Oh, darn.
I only got a 20.
I'll just run out to the car.
Ah, 20's close enough.
We don't care about a buck here or there.
People before pennies hours, see?
Hmm.
Well, thank you, friend.
You're good people.
We don't care about a buck here or there.
Now I know why they call you pa, because you're pa-phetic.
And I know why they call you ma, because you're always rotting my ass.
Hank, it's Rudy over at Goober Smooches Restaurant.
I got no propane for my stove.
I'm looking at 20 pounds of rotten ribeye.
I saved your life, dad.
Huh?
I saved your life.
I was gonna push you in and then I saved your life.
You were gonna push me in?
It was a joke.
I said do not disturb him.
We don't care about a buck here or there.
People before pennies.
People.
Of course, people.
Peggy!
Peggy!
What?
What is it?
Pack up the car.
I figured it all out.
It's not about tattler boxes or who's in charge.
It's about service with a smile and making people happy.
Oh, I knew it.
You are going back to Strickland.
Hell no.
I'm going to open up a general store.
Eskuchame?
You see, everything I thought I'd find in propane, it isn't there.
It's in the general store, where they put people before pennies.
A fella's got no money, he can't pay his bill.
Well, that's good enough for us.
And then that fella'll tell another fella, and before you know it, I'll have customers lined up around the block.
Bobby?
Bobby, get out here, boy!
I'm leaving the propane business and opening up a general store.
Okay.
I can't do it alone, Peggy.
General stores are Ma and Pa.
If you're not there, people are going to make assumptions like, did Pa kill Ma?
They aren't going to want to buy batteries from me if they think you're back in the freezer hanging from a meat hook.
Am I wrong?
I don't know.
I don't know.
People do need batteries, but this is just all happening so fast.
Will you think about it, Ma?
We could have a section for books, children's books, and we wouldn't even have to talk to them as long as the kids brought them back.
That's a great idea, Peggy.
Kids are people.
You see, you've come up with a whole new customer base for our store.
Oh, well... Oh, what the H?
You know what?
I'll do it.
I'm gonna go type my letter of resignation to the Arlington Schoolboy right now.
I guess I better write my letter too.
It is with regret.
Hank, it's Velma Throckmorton.
My hands froze to my walker, and I had to thaw them in the microwave.
I need my propane.
It is with deep regret.
Uh, Mr. Hill, it's Hugh Jimmerson.
My heat's going out.
I've tried wearing turtlenecks, but they make me look French.
Wear your trucks.
It is with very deep regret.
Mr. Hill, it's Lee Anderson.
All three kids got the group, and I'm clear out of propane.
It's cold.
It's real cold.
All finished, Hank.
OK, here it is, one resignation letter signed and self-notarized.
Heggy went back to work love Hank Hill.
Oh, is that you, Hank?
You come back to dance on my grave?
No, sir, I don't feel much like dancing.
There's a town in crisis out there, and they need propane.
That ain't gonna happen, Hank.
Vickers screwed everything up.
All our drivers quit.
A real propane man doesn't know the word quit.
Well, I don't know how they said it, but them drivers ain't working here no more.
And you and me can't drive them propane trucks because we don't have hazmat licenses.
It's all over.
No it ain't.
You don't need any hazmat license to drive a tow truck.
Oh!
Saved your life, dad.
Saved my life.
And now I get it.
Look at me, I'm a kitty.
