Dead, only two more inches to which a tall falls.
Two and a quarter, Bobby.
Good eye, son.
Hey, what's the best way to get to Carpus Christi?
Well, the quickest way is straight down here, but the best way is to go through Arlen.
It's one of George Bush's communities of excellence.
Arlen, huh?
Is that where you're headed?
No, sir.
We're on our way to Wichita Falls.
We're going to see the training camp of the Dallas Cowboys.
They used to be in Austin, too well, you know.
But like my dad says,
Cowboys will be cowboys!
I say that in private, son.
Welcome to Wichita Falls training camp for the former world champion Dallas Cowboys!
Yeah!
Way to go Cowboys!
Irvin's looking good this year, aren't he?
Yep.
I'm giving him a A minus.
I'm giving him a B plus.
That gives him some room to improve.
Good idea, son.
And I'm giving Troy Aikman a B plus too.
That's not funny, Bobby.
Dad, look.
They forgot one of their footballs.
Follow me.
Sweet Jethro Pew.
The Super Bowl has come down to one play, fourth down.
Akeman drops back to pass.
Irvin heads for the goal line.
That's you, Bobby.
Oh, okay.
Troy's under pressure.
He fires into the end zone and hits Michael Irvin for a touchdown.
Uh, hold on a minute.
Pass interference.
Cowboys retain possession.
And they run out the clock.
Uh, turns out they were ahead all along.
The Cowboys win the Super Bowl!
The Cowboys win the Super Bowl!
The Cowboys win the Super Bowl!
The Cowboys win the Super Bowl!
The Cowboys win the Super Bowl!
The Cowboys win the Super Bowl!
The Cowboys win the Super Bowl!
The Cowboys win the Super Bowl!
The Cowboys win the Super Bowl!
The Cowboys win the Super Bowl!
The Cowboys win the Super Bowl!
The Cowboys win the Super Bowl!
The Cowboys win the Super Bowl!
The Cowboys win the Super Bowl!
The Cowboys win the Super Bowl!
The Cowboys win the Super Bowl!
The Cowboys win the Super Bowl!
The Cowboys win the Super Bowl!
The Cowboys win the Super Bowl!
The Cowboys win the Super Bowl!
The Cowboys win the Super Bowl!
The Cowboys win the Super Bowl!
The Cowboys win the Super Bowl!
The Cowboys win the Super Bowl!
The Cowboys win the Super Bowl!
The Cowboys win the Super Bowl!
The Cowboys win the Super
Oh yeah, you folks make them tiny breakfast weenies.
But you're gonna have to leave now.
Wow, did you just see that dad?
He added an extra move when he gave me the Blizzard.
An extra little twirl.
They don't do that in Arlen.
Wichita Falls is the greatest place I have ever been in my life.
A dollar nine.
What?
In Arlen they're ninety-nine cents.
In Arlen it's not the official blended frozen dairy product of the Dallas Cowboys training camp.
Dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun,
Jeff!
There's some guys out here!
Damn it all, Jeff Jr.
I wasn't finished with my nap!
Hello there, I'm Hank Hill and I sell propane and propane accessories too.
In Arlen, Texas.
I gotta say, I sure envy you.
After a hard day's work at a job you love, you get to take your son to see the cowboys.
I am so sick of you, South Texas pig jockeys coming in here waking me up to tell me how about them cowboys.
Arlen stinks in Wichita Falls rules.
And you know why?
Because in five minutes I can be inside the great state of Oklahoma.
Go Sooners!
What?
Go, Sooners!
Go, Sooners!
Go, Sooners!
Go, Sooners!
Go, Sooners!
Go, Sooners!
Go, Sooners!
Go, Sooners!
Go, Sooners!
Go, Sooners!
Go, Sooners!
Go, Sooners!
Go, Sooners!
Go, Sooners!
Go, Sooners!
Go, Sooners!
Go, Sooners!
Go, Sooners!
Go, Sooners!
Go, Sooners!
Go, Sooners!
Go, Sooners!
Go, Sooners!
Go, Sooners!
Magic fingers.
Ooh.
I like magic.
I'll tell you what I want, what I really, really want.
I'll tell you what I want.
So, get off of there, Bobby.
You're not 18.
This is the coolest bed I have ever seen.
They don't have beds like this in Ireland.
They certainly do not.
Look what I found in the nightstand.
What the heck is this?
This is the tape that Wichita Falls made to show how great it is here, and they sent it to the cowboys, and that's why they came.
Do you wanna watch my tape?
Wichita Falls is really excited about bringing the Dallas Cowboys to our city.
This North Texas town is a perfect spot for the training camp of the Dallas Cowboys.
North Texas, my foot, more like South Oklahoma.
Well, whatever you call it, I like it more than Pigtown.
What?
Now you wash your mouth out right now with two or three of those little soaps.
I never noticed what a dump this town is before.
What's that smell?
I think I'm gonna throw up.
It's just a sausage plant.
That smell means jobs, Bobby.
The state-of-the-art mall is anchored by Dillard's and J.C.
Penney.
And our restaurants include both chilies and vinegar.
Well, Bobby sure had a good time on your trip.
Yeah, too good.
Now he's down on his hometown.
All his dreams from now on are going to be about leaving.
And then some high school guidance counselor is going to tell him to follow his dreams.
Then how will he end up?
A fruit pie salesman with a whoopee cushion living in Wichita Falls.
Hank, it's happening to the best of our young people.
There is nothing here for them.
Last week, two sixth graders told me they wanted to be astronauts.
You can't find work as an astronaut in Arlen, Hank.
Not anymore.
I've been trying to hire some teenagers at Strickland for months.
No one wants to be a tank wipe these days.
And the problem is, our kids are leaving.
Tank is right.
If all the children leave Ireland, there will be no young to take care of our old.
Our old will feed off our very old.
Our very old who are not eaten will wish they had been.
Uh, Dale, that's not gonna happen.
Not if we do something about it.
We are going to keep our young people by bringing the Dallas Cowboys training camp to Arlen.
I know it's a long shot, but what if we make a movie about Arlen and send it to the Cowboys?
Do you really think we can make a movie, Hank?
I know we can.
We used to make movies all the time.
Remember, Dale?
You practically slept with that little camcorder.
Practically.
I was going to be the next uprooter.
Except nobody shot a president after that.
Nobody knew what he was doing.
Shugs.
As a professional on-air personality, I would be glad to donate my services.
I've always wanted to branch out from weather to hard infotainment.
Uh-huh.
And every good movie starts with... with what?
A good script.
Yeah, pass us all, please.
Hey, Peggy.
You're a writer.
You could write the script.
Me?
Well... Alright.
I will do it for the children of Arlen.
And I will be the president of the movie.
Tell you what, man, all you need is getting one of them dang old narrators, man.
They're going to be like the movie trailer guy in a world where love is against the law, you know, something like that.
Yeah, or we could put you in an armadillo suit.
Bill, you'll be in charge of snacks.
Well, this calls to sopapias.
All right, yeah.
Sopapias for everyone.
In Wichita Falls, this button doesn't stick.
Welcome, Jerry Jones.
I'm Nancy Hicks-Gribble, and I'll be your tour guide on a magical journey through Arlen, Texas, the next training camp site of the Dallas Cowboys.
Sharks may be scary, as is the spear-like Marlin.
But fear not, Jerry, for landlocked Arlen is darlin'.
Cut!
We're gonna get the Cowboys!
Let's not get ahead of ourselves, Dale.
Now, I noticed you were jiggling the camera a bit.
We really don't need any fancy camera tricks.
Just point and shoot.
Gotcha.
Consider me a human tripod with an invisible third leg.
Like you cowboys, Arlenites are rugged individualists.
We are do-it-yourselfers for your information.
That's D-I-Y-F-Y-I.
One more reason.
Arlen is darlin'.
Cut!
Okay.
That was written okay and acted pretty good.
But it needs, uh... It needs... Hmm.
Let me think about this.
Uh... Huh.
Alright, let's do it again maybe a little better this time.
I don't care what Hank says, Shug, I think your script is just wonderful.
Well, thank you, Nancy.
I got that rhyming idea from Charles Carrault.
Or was it Charles Ozgood?
Wait, which one was the one with the mistress and the Winnebago?
I'll be all fool around, Shug.
Anyway, your script is brilliant.
I wouldn't change a word.
Well, now that you mention it, you did change one teeny little word.
Really?
Did I?
Yes.
You said Arlenites instead of Arlenians.
Oh, that's the channel 84 preferred term for residents of Arlen.
Well, technically, residents of Arlen are called Arlenians.
As a substitute educator, I would know that.
Well, you're the writer, Shurg.
I'm just the professional television personality.
I'm duck taping your zoom.
Go.
Man, I don't want to heat rash.
Man, I don't want to get down hot.
That doesn't keep me hot-hastin' here, man.
Boomhauer, we'll get to you tomorrow, I promise.
Yeah, man, he'll be talkin' about them down here if I wait, man.
Thank you, man.
Gosh, I don't know who's sweatin' more.
Mayor of the cheese.
You look tired, Dad.
I guess it's hard to get enough rest when you're presidenting a film.
Yep.
See, I'm gonna do a big shot from up here.
Do you really think the cowboys would move to Ireland?
I sure do, son.
Imagine what it'll be like.
We'll go to get autographs, and Troy Aikman will toss the ball around with you, and I wish I could have had Dandy Don Meredith or Roger Staubach throwing me passes when I was your age.
Even Craig Morton would have been all right.
I love you, Bobby.
What?
Uh, nothing.
Hey, look at that bird.
Dale, stop putting your bug truck in the background of all the shots.
What kind of message are we sending?
Arlen is full of bugs?
You think that's all I do?
I killed eight gophers last year, and a purebred Tennessee walking horse that was looking at me funny.
Did you know that that prima donna had the gall to suggest changing my slogan from Arlen is darlin' to Arlen, where super bulls are born?
Where super bulls are born.
Huh.
Where is Nancy anyway?
Well, Miss Priss is pouting in her trailer.
She won't do my snake scene.
Thank God you're here, John Redcorn.
Nancy won't come out of the bugabago.
Nancy has a headache and requires treatment.
I will need about an hour.
and a bottle of Aste Spumonte.
I'll get it.
That's it.
You have pampered that woman long enough.
Put me on camera right this second.
Come on.
Come on, the snakes and I are ready to go.
Maybe we should give John Redcorn a few more minutes.
Do you know what that is?
No.
Let me tell you, that is the sound of Arland's future going right down the toilet.
And do you know whose butt is on that seat?
Well, it's yours, Hank.
It's your butt.
Dale, get the camera.
OK, we're rolling.
Now just try to relax.
And remember, all the cowboys will be watching you.
It's feeding time here at the world famous Arland Snake Farm.
You cowboys have a lot in common with these hungry bipers.
They devour rodents just the way you devour opponents.
Time out!
Uh, that was, uh... Oh, look, here's Nancy now.
Nancy, Peggy was just standing in for you.
Now, honey, if you'll just step aside.
Nancy, why don't we do this one with your new slogan, Arlen, where Super Bowls are born?
Oh, I'll say my slogan, Shug, but I'm not touching that little mouse.
Oh, yes, you are.
Hey, hey, hey!
Get him off!
Get him off!
Get off my jeans!
Get off my jeans!
Cut it out!
I quit!
Peggy, if you've ever loved the Cowboys, apologize to her.
She said Arlenite.
It's Arlinian!
Arlinian!
Arlinian!
Either I get an apology, or guess what?
I quit.
Well, you just quit, shirt!
Then I quit!
If Peggy quits, I quit.
Don't, man.
Don't, man.
Don't quit.
Hank, you have bully ragged this production and stifled my creativity from day one.
It is now day two.
I quit.
What about the cowboys?
The cowboys!
It's okay, Dad.
We were crazy to try and compete with Wichita Falls.
Do this on my own.
Hello, Jerry Jones.
I'm Hank Hill and I'll be your quarterback on a game-winning drive through Arlen, Texas, the next training campsite of the Dallas Cowboys.
I'm standing here at the 50-yard line of Tut Rampy Field, the future site of the Dallas Cowboys training camp.
You see, you're just a dod at this distance.
Yeah, so edit it bigger.
That's why I'm here.
Hank, I'm the best UHF editor in Texas, but I can't work miracles.
You've got no master shot.
You've crossed the action axis.
The sound's horrible.
I guess that was all my responsibility as president.
All I wanted to do was get my son to love this town as much as I do.
Where did I go wrong, Tom?
Where?
Dad's talking to the Tom Landry plate again.
Hello, Nancy.
It's Peggy, and I would like to apologize to you one Arlenite to another.
No, I was the one who said Arlenian.
That's why this is an apology.
All right, let's just agree to disagree.
Now, I'm gonna need to borrow your home movies.
Dave, I hear you're the best television editor at Alla, Texas.
Uh, UHF.
The reason I've called you all here is to show you a video which we will be sending to the Dallas Cowboys tomorrow morning.
It was made over the years by each and every one of us.
And that's after having two chickens.
Boy, was I drunk.
Look how smooth my bottom works.
Bobby!
Oh, yeah!
You know how I made that barbecue out of two old barbecues?
We're gonna get the cowboys.
We're gonna get the cowboys.
Hey dad.
Hello Bobby.
Well, the Cowboys thanked us for the video, but they have no plans to move to Ireland in the near future.
And they sent us a little rubber football.
So, uh, I guess this means you're gonna leave us when you grow up, huh?
Yeah, I'll probably leave.
But it's not for a while, Dad.
I'm only twelve.
We've still got plenty of time together.
Yeah.
And even after you move, Wichita Falls is only a six hour drive.
I can't be a prop comic in Wichita Falls.
I'm moving to New York City.
Or Hollywood.
Maybe Vegas.
Well, at least it's not Wichita Falls.
Well, I may keep a place there for tax purposes.
Hey, you wanna try the little football?
Alright, hike it to me and go out for a pass.
How about you hike the ball and go out for the pass?
The crowd is going wild.
Roger's stomach goes back to pass.
Roger's in trouble.
He scrambles.
Roger the Dodger gets away.
He throws into the end zone.
It's complete to my dad, Hank Hill.
Touchdown!
The Cowboys win the Super Bowl!
The Cowboys win the Super Bowl!
The Cowboys win the Super Bowl!
Go!
Go!
Dallas!
Cowboys!
It's the Gold Team of the Senior Coast!
Let the whole world hear our heroes blow!
Stand up!
Stand beat for your valor!
Sweet Jethro Pew.
