Yep.
Yep.
Now that Joseph is 13, I'm teaching him the family exterminating business.
I've named this little fella, Joseph.
To be an effective killer, you must learn to first kill a little bit of yourself.
Well, I guess it's sort of good for Joseph to learn the family trade.
It's a father to son heritage thing.
As a father yourself, Hank, who has sired an heir on your woman, you understand.
You're fine, right, Bill?
I wish I had a son to pass things out to.
Boomerower, can you get him a... Dang it.
All right, Bill.
Let's hear again how you're lonely and childless and whatnot.
Okay.
So I think that's about the saddest thing about being alone.
Well, no, no, actually it's... Bill, stop it.
You've got family.
You have your cousin Jill Baer and the swamp in Louisiana, and that old fella in the iron lung, maybe he's still kicking.
That's a start.
But we... And I bet there's more.
I hear you can hire a genealogist that will find family members for you.
A genealogist can find them?
Huh.
Lots of Americans have ancestors who are royalty.
African princesses, Gaelic chieftains.
Tracing them just takes time and money and the flexible definition of royalty.
I have all three, but I want to find my living relatives for a family reunion.
Find living people.
All right.
Now I assume you've already tried calling information.
It's time to take it to the next level.
I'm going on a site called Google.
Oh.
And if the fork comes out clean, your cake is done.
I did it!
I can break!
Yeah!
Bobby?
Are those oven mitts?
Hank, this is not what it looks like.
Dad, I'm just gonna come right out and say it.
I've baked a cake.
What?
No.
I think cooking is something I could be good at.
It's just like shop, but when you're done, you get to lick your tools.
Shop is nothing like baking.
You can't live inside a cake you've built.
You can't cut your finger off with a pastry bag.
My family, 85 names.
Well, a lot of them won't be blood kin, but I say it's a family reunion.
Invite them all and let God sort them out.
85 people?
That cable spool you call a dinner table only seats six.
You sure you can handle this, Bill?
I don't know, actually.
I'm making my family's traditional Cajun barbecue, so I got so much to do.
Clean my house, order 15 whole pigs, and get those little... What do you call those little paper napkins they decorate with?
I never celebrated anything before, Hank!
You have to help me!
Don't worry, Bill.
We're on it.
Oh, thank God.
Okay, now remember everyone, we will be cleaning Bill's house.
So we got a lot of work and not much time.
Dale, you handle the silverfish.
Boom, how are you?
Clean out the garage.
Peggy and Nancy, you tackle the bathroom.
Hank, I'm gonna need a pit hand to help with the barbecue.
We can be pit hands.
Pit hands.
No, I thought Bobby could do it.
But I thought you didn't want me to cook.
It's not cooking, Bobby.
It's barbecue.
Mr. Doetrieve, I'm so ready for this.
I want to make sauces and stupid mad vinaigrettes.
Well, that's great, Bobby, but first we have to build a barbecue pit and stock the fuel.
Oh.
So what do you want to do?
Stack bricks or haul wood?
I'll haul the wood.
Bill, we found that picture you've been searching for.
It's our last family photo.
Oh, that's Uncle Honoré after the swamp fever claimed his eyesight.
That's me.
There's my cousin, Gilbert.
What a time we had.
I would climb trees and swim, and Gilbert made ball gowns out of old mosquito netting.
It's also beautiful.
I can't thank you enough.
Well, it was close, but we pulled it off.
Bill, that is a well-made barbecue pit.
It's an old family design.
Wow, son.
You helped Bill build that?
Um... How'd you keep your bricks a level?
Uh... Did you go with the Hanson pattern or the Macaulay?
Well, you see, bricks have very brick-like, um...
So when you have two bricks, there's some stuff involved.
Sorry, Hank.
It's a family secret.
I swore Bobby to secrecy.
Right, Bobby?
Uh, yeah.
I swore.
All right, then.
Well, I thank you all.
You've been like a family to me.
But now my real family is coming, so goodbye.
No, anyway, coming!
Please wait, don't go!
Guillaume, you are a vision, and that necktie would be elegance itself if it were knotted properly.
Je meurs, bienvenue!
Anyone else?
Isn't there anyone else?
Only you?
Only me?
Whom were you expecting?
I had a list.
Alas, we too are the utter end of the dotrieve blood.
The family tree can be safely cut down and used to build our coffins.
May I come in?
There's no one but us, but what about Ernestme and Cousin Violetta?
Ernestme died of fever, Violetta died suddenly in a sleep.
A swamp takes what it calls its own.
Let me tell you of our ill-fated kin.
Consumption, drink, imposter, madhouse, public madhouse.
Baron, Baron, Baron.
Well, pretty much his whole left side.
Leaving only us.
My whole life is a waste.
I'll never pass down anything to anyone.
You personally know, but the Dothrieve name will live on.
Dothrieve's monthly, a southern review of arts and letters.
A small but proud periodical I have found it.
It will preserve our name for generations to come.
Printed on acid-free paper.
Naturally.
Wow!
How are you paying for this?
Our land has been sold to be turned into either a water park or a catfish farm.
It seems to depend on whether the euro remains strong.
Hi, everyone.
I brought you some barbecue so it doesn't go to waste.
Oh, thanks.
Are you sure you don't want this for yourself, though?
I mean, you usually like to eat a lot when your plans are in ruins and whatnot.
No, everything's great.
Jill Bear and I are starting a poetry magazine.
We're not going to be parents.
We're going to be publishers.
Think about it.
A kid only lasts about, what, 80 years tops, but literature goes on forever.
See you.
Enjoy.
Well, it smells decent.
Poetry magazine?
I cannot freaking believe this stuff.
Tell me, we are not out of ribs.
No, thank God.
Wow.
What smells so good?
It's your barbecue, son.
Oh, yeah.
And it is the best got-dang thing I've ever tasted.
Come sit at the head of the table.
You earned it.
Dad.
Mom, I didn't help Mr. Dothrave.
I ran off because the work was too hard.
Well, that's just more for us then.
Hey, you didn't work on the barbecue either.
But I also didn't lie about it.
I said I was sorry.
Shouldn't you reward me for telling the truth?
No.
Yep.
Yep.
I do declare.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, God.
So, Bill, what's your secret with this pork shoulder?
Well, secret?
Yes.
The recipe was honed by generations of planters, country lawyers, gentlemen of fortune, and their cooks and manservants and so forth.
We all give you home as much as I shall miss the dazzle of the local repartee.
I fear I must take my leave and be off to Austin.
Leave?
But we were having so much fun.
There's a young poet there whom I hope to publish.
But...
My family, he just got here, and now what if he gets hit by a bus or something?
Then I'll have no relatives, and no legacy.
Well, that's a lot of what-ifs, Bill.
In the meantime, see what you did?
You made some dang fine barbecue.
You, uh, think I could have some more leftovers to bring with me to work?
Mine, mine, mine!
Mmm, hot damn that is a flavorful rib.
It's like them bones never even existed, honey.
Well, I'm glad you're enjoying it, sir.
I'll tell you something on top.
If I knew this bad boy's secret, I could make me a second fortune.
Now come in handy if my bastard son Ray Roy ever gets hold of a competent lawyer.
Buck liked my barbecue?
Yep, and he wants to round up big investors to take your recipe public, so you'll have to make them a tasting batch.
Wow, Gilbert will preserve our name with his magazine, and now I'll get to pass it down too.
People will eat my food and say, boy, those doed trees were stumped and it's a shame they're extinct.
I'll get right on it.
I'm sorry I ditched last time.
I wanna help.
Are you sure, Bobby?
I don't cut corners with this recipe.
I'll carry bricks, hammer nails, pour cement, whatever it takes to be a real cook.
Mr. Dothrief, there's a blender right there with a chop setting.
I bet it could get through these onions in no time.
Well, that's fine if I'm grinding up old sandwiches for breakfast hash.
But, as my Uncle Honoré always said, shortcuts taste like... Now, we can add the marinade.
Need more garlic.
By family tradition, we only light the fire with a page of good news from the paper.
Baboon arrives safely at Space Station.
Oh, Space Monkeys are always good news.
You're on your way to being a real cook.
You do the honors, Bobby.
Well, Mr. Strickland should be here soon.
How'd my boy do, Bill?
I couldn't have done it without him.
He tended the pit for 20 straight hours and only passed out once.
Well, all right.
There's my cage, Anita.
Okay, boy.
Time to meet the team and jump through a few hoops.
There's quite a fet going on at my cousins.
Oh, Lord, I still have my Austin face on.
Okay, everybody, I'd like to introduce you all now to the man behind this food, Mr. Bill.
What is all this?
Now, hold on, Jill Barry.
Sir, you are no kin to me, so I will have your silence.
Guillaume, explain.
People like our food so much I wanted to pass it on, just like the magazine.
And these rich fellas, they wanted to make a line of barbecue sauces made from the dotrieve recipe.
Are you mad?
We are a family of proud landowners, of state senators, and literary men.
And you want to sell our family tradition for money?
Well, kinda.
Down this... her house!
Okay.
I'm sorry, everyone, but the kitchen is closed.
Bill, no.
What the heck are you... Hank, he's my only relative.
He's all I have.
I can't go against him.
Bye everyone!
See ya!
See ya later!
How could you do it?
Tell me that!
Tell me how!
How!
How!
Bill does not deserve to be left alone with that Jill Bear.
I'm going over.
I have sacrificed our land to preserve our dignity.
What would you have done with your street walkers, Gold Death?
Bought more of these double-stuffed chocolate sandwich cookies?
You're cute!
Say, how you doing there, Jill Bear?
Bill, I brought you some coffee.
Sir, leave us.
Let the Dothrieves nurse their wounded pride in darkness.
Yeah, I keep hearing about the Dothrieve pride, but right now all I see are a crying drunk and an angry sissy.
If you've got any real pride, stop kicking a man when he's down.
You want to talk more about this, you and I will do it outside.
Yuyo, I'm returning to Norlands.
Bill, why don't you forget this joker and let Mr. Strickland and his business partners invest in you.
When you were busy cooking, you were so happy and proud.
I was, wasn't I?
Okay, I'll do it.
I have to get Gilbert to agree.
Oh, Bill.
I didn't make the recipe.
My family did.
It's not mine alone to sell.
Hank, if I don't act honorably, there's no point in preserving my name.
It's just a word that women have trouble remembering.
Bye-bye, Hank.
Are you speaking to me?
Not at all.
I think it was Lucretius who said nothing human discusses me.
Yeah.
Lord.
Gilbert, Mr. Strickland has a proposal.
Yeah, I do.
Now, I understand you're a literary man from Louisiana.
Now, you and me, we gotta do the coat of some time.
I could show you some things, huh?
My word.
Anyone else won't give this a whirl?
If you let me sell the recipe, I'll give you my share of the profits to help pay for the magazine.
Can't be done.
A gentleman never reverses his decision.
Do look me up, though, when you pass through Naurin's.
I could show you things as well.
Yeah, let's go, Top.
There ain't nothing more here to try.
No, please.
Please let me do this.
I don't want to die with nothing to show for my life and nothing to pass on.
Just say yes, and I'll never bother you again.
My dear cousin.
My only cousin.
My answer is still no.
Above all, the dotrees must go down to darkness with their honor intact.
Trust me.
One day, when you're on your deathbed all alone, you'll thank me.
And so, adieu.
Now, I have matters to discuss with my new acquaintance.
You were saying, I gotta give me the same dutch.
I'm not going to open the door just yet.
Maybe I'll just stand here a while and give me something to look forward to.
Oh, what's the point?
Bobby?
Mr. Dothrave, I had a great idea on how to improve the glaze.
I mixed cayenne pepper with brown sugar.
What do you think?
Well, Bobby, it has an under taste.
Bobby, that's very good.
Now when you hit the stores with all your sauces, maybe you could call this your sugar and spicy version.
Bobby, I don't know how to say this, but I can't sell the recipe.
I can't even sell the sauce.
There's no point in thinking about this anymore.
Oh.
But...
I guess there's no reason we can't make it and give it away.
It's a party for your mom's birthday.
It's the 17th, right?
If you say so.
And you know, when you grow up, there's no reason you can't make it and give it away, too.
That'd be great.
But I'm not a do-treeve.
Bobby, trust me.
I'd be honored.
Bye-bye.
