Did you win?
Sorry, please drink another beer.
That's what I call losing the battle, but winning the war.
Yeah, hurry up, Hank.
Finish your beer.
It could be the winning Alamo beer can.
Bill, the odds of winning that contest are one in a million.
Yeah, if you only drink one beer...
Imagine Hank, a trip to New Orleans, a chance to meet Dandy Don Meredith and win one of those really big cardboard checks.
Sorry, please drink another beer.
Well, they asked nicely.
Sorry, please drink another beer.
That made some room.
Well, I think I'm gonna call it a night.
Pour it on the ground.
See if you want.
I have never poured out beer.
Even to put out a grass fire.
Hi Uncle Hank.
Lou Ann?
First of all, you didn't win anything.
Uh-uh.
I won a million dollars.
No, the contest gives the winner the right to go to the Dallas Cowboys New Orleans Saint Game and throw a football through a small hole in a large beer can for a million dollars.
Or have Dallas Cowboys legend Don Meredith throw it to win 100,000.
If you'd read the point of purchase display at 7-Eleven, you'd know that.
Okay, so I throw the ball through the hole, and then I win.
No, I paid for that beer, so it's mine.
Let's just say it is your beer.
How old are you?
Nineteen and a half.
Exactly.
If you tried to claim your prize, you'd be incarcerated for underage drinking.
So if it's your beer, you'd get to go to jail.
Now, if it's my beer, you get to come to New Orleans with us.
Your call?
New Orleans!
So Hank, what are you gonna do with the hundred thou?
Of course, you could go for the million dollars.
Yeah!
You know, I don't think a civilian's ever made it.
A ten yard pass through a one foot hole.
People screaming in the stands.
Thank God for Don Meredith.
Thank you God.
It's like they're paying us $100,000 to meet Don Meredith.
Something I would have done for free.
That money could pay for Bobby's college and a mini fritz for his dorm room.
Yeah.
You know, we could buy all sorts of higher education and appliances with a million dollars.
What?
Are you really thinking of taking that throw yourself?
Uh, what would you think if I was thinking that?
Hank, honey, if you are willing to give up a sure thing and go for the million, well you've got more free holies than any man I've ever known.
What you doing, Hank?
Uh, I'm just seeing what it's gonna be like for Don Meredith at the Superdome.
How about I come with?
I've always wanted to eat fried dough in the most corrupt city on Earth.
Uh, that's nice and all, but you don't have to bother.
It's no bother.
You can drive us and we'll stay in your hotel room.
Uh, well...
Uh, I guess we could... Wingo, man!
We're going to Nalins!
There you go!
I'll come with you.
The Dote Treaves are from Louisiana.
I lived in the bayou till I was six years old.
My aunt Esme still lives there.
You think we could look her up?
Ugh.
Dang it.
I know we can.
I planned out the route to New Orleans very carefully.
There is plenty of time for a side trip.
Bill, I didn't know you grew up in Cajun country, and I don't care.
And how is my man with the golden arm?
Call the bank.
Make sure they have room in our account for one million dollars.
You're gonna go for it?
Oh, Hank.
Yeah.
Well, I made 42 out of 50.
Would've made 43, but I used a throw to drop a blue jay at 20 feet before he could poop on your car.
You're that good.
Mm-hmm.
I guess you could say my aim is deadly.
That blue jay's fine, though.
I've already told you, little girl, to make another bar.
It's not a good tea.
He's speaking some kind of French.
Let me handle this.
I speak Spanish.
It's the same thing.
Hey, sonor, digame la direccione a la quaysa de la doterive, por favor.
He wants a tip.
Je m'appelle Bill Dottrieve.
Je m'appelle Bill Dottrieve.
Je m'appelle Bill Dottrieve.
Je m'appelle Bill Dottrieve.
Bill, I had no idea that you spoke Cajun.
Perhaps that's because I tried not to ask you questions.
I had no idea either.
Voila!
You see?
You see?
Good lord.
I always figured your family lived in a tar paper shack.
Nope.
Who are you?
Answers in the form of English, please.
I am Gilbert Fontaine de la Tarde d'Autrive, the man of the house.
Dale Grebel.
I am Rose, the youngest.
Oh, yeah.
I am Lily, the youngest looking.
You're terrible.
I'm Violetta, the pretty one.
You are a garden of women.
And you are the guillom we've heard so much about.
The last remaining dotrieve male.
Or should I say?
Oh, don't bother.
Oh, you kinda snuck up on me there.
Oh, I'm terribly sorry.
I've always been a creeper.
Violettus says I creep like the kudzu vines that are slowly but surely strangling our Dixie.
What fascinating thing are y'all doing?
I'm gonna be throwing at a target about yay big at the Cowboy Saints game.
If I make it, I win a million dollars.
Golden Richards was a Dallas cowboy?
Yeah, yeah, he caught a touchdown pass in Super Bowl XII.
He was a beautiful man.
I knew him briefly.
My husband, Alphonse Dothrieve, weom's uncle by blood.
When did he pass?
Oh, he lingers in a room in the back of the house, hanging on by the thread of a hope he'll see the Dothrieve name passed on to another generation.
Does weom have any sons?
Nope.
Bill is unhappily divorced and without child.
Pity, the dotrieve blood is down to a trickle.
My two sons and my son-in-law Jiroc René and Emerald died of arterial sclerosis in their 20s, leaving three desperate, childless widows to wander this house.
They are strings on a harp stretch far too taut.
If they are not strummed soon, I'm afraid.
Well,
They really need to be strong.
This is right out of Shakespeare.
This is my husband, Jirak.
The Louisiana diet will kill a man as surely as a sword.
So, uh, Ro, you're not married?
I'm all alone in this world, William.
Yes, me too, Lucy.
Rose.
Rose.
Oh, hello Lily.
That was pretty.
Now was that a song or is it supper time?
My late husband Renee and I used to make music together.
Now there are only notes.
Nope.
Nope.
Oh, you play beautifully.
I'm surprised that you are.
Robert, a young gentleman like you should dress for dinner.
Let's just poke around my old shiferobe and find you something suitable.
My lord, this muggy November weather gives me the horribles.
Robert, this here is velvet, not velveteen.
A gentleman must learn the difference.
Dinner, like youth, will be served.
I present you, young master Robert.
Oh my god.
Bobby, why don't you let me sit next to Jill Bear so we can talk sports?
So, Jill Bear, how do the Saints look this year, huh?
I'm more familiar with sinners than Saints, my dear.
And sinners always look good.
Oh, get me out of here.
Honey, you need to try and relax before your big throw.
Yeah, you know, I'm not sure being a millionaire is such a good idea.
Bobby's only been around rich people for a few hours, and he already looks like that kid on the paint can.
There's more to it than that, isn't there?
This place, it gives me the creeps.
Everything's upside down.
Bill's getting women, and Bobby, well...
I missed a bunch of throws today, and I'm just thinking, what happens when I get to the Superdome with all those fans watching?
Don't you think Don Meredith missed a few passes in practice?
But when the game was on the line, he put it right on the money to bullet Bob Hayes and lance no pants rental.
See, that's just it.
He's the quarterback.
I bet if the contest was about selling propane, he'd let me do it.
You can do this.
Then, after we get back to Arling, we'll put the million dollars in a trust fund so it won't ruin Bobby till after we're dead.
I hate Zydeco.
Where's your bag, Bill?
I've decided to stay for a few days.
Bill, those women are trying to seduce you.
You think so, too?
I was afraid it was just me.
Listen to me.
Two of these women are widows of the Dead Doe Tree Sons.
They are only related by marriage, so they are in play.
But one of them is your flesh and blood cousin.
She is your ticket to hell.
Oh, my God.
Which one is my cousin?
That I do not know.
So just to be safe, keep your hands off all three.
I still have a two out of three chance.
I never had those odds.
Bill, if you think... Goodbye, Peggy.
Well, I need a window seat because this flower is wilted.
Oh, Lord.
All right, everyone in the car now.
Go, go, go, go, go, go.
Have a pleasant journey, and don't be afraid to ask directions from someone who has already been where you think you need to go.
What's that supposed to mean?
Let Dandy Don Meredith take the throw.
Yeah.
Hank, I'd like you to meet Don Meredith.
So he must be Hank Hill.
Oh, Mr. Meredith, I have admired you from your playing days to Monday night football to your iced tea commercials.
Well, my mom always calls me Don or Donnie.
Wow, that's a great story, Mr. Meredith.
Sir, this is my wife, Peggy.
If you were a woman, I believe my husband would have married you instead of me.
That's funny how life works out.
Well, who's this little future nose guard?
Look, Don, I'm a dandy, too.
Why, you sure are, little sport.
Yeah.
Hey, that reminds me, Don, I've got your old jersey for you to wear during the contest.
Yeah, nah, I hung that thing up a long time ago.
Why don't you let my friend Hank here wear it?
Oh, I would be honored.
You got the pants, too?
Ah, yeah.
Cowboy metallic blue.
Like father, like son.
There you go, Sport.
Oh, Rose, I was just tidying up your husband's grave.
Oh, you are a sweet, sweet man.
They hate you.
You don't treat!
Your husband is a don't treat and is dead!
Take me.
Okay.
Now's the time to fake an injury, if you want to.
It's half time, Hank.
We're on.
Now it's time for the Alamo beer million dollar throw.
Alamo beer would like to welcome our contest winner Hank Hill from Arlen, Texas and Dallas Cowboy legend, Danny Don Meredith.
What's it gonna be, Hank?
Are you gonna go for the million, or are you gonna let Dandy Don try it for $100,000?
Don't worry, Peggy.
Our boy's going to college.
I'm gonna take the sure thing.
Aren't you gonna take off your jacket?
Tough break, son.
I bought a nice hand for Danny Dunmer.
He didn't even take off his jacket.
I want to do over.
I could have made that throw.
Hey, where are you going?
You owe my son a college education.
Hey you, get back here!
Rose?
Uh-uh.
It is I, Violetta.
Oh, I'm glad you're here.
Can I ask you something?
The answer is yes.
Yeah, I know.
But your first husband, what is the name on his final resting crypt?
Answer him, Violetta.
Lily, be gone.
Hi, Lily.
This is wrong.
Violetta is your blood cousin, Guillaume.
She's lying.
I'm not your cousin.
She is.
You are the liar.
Guillaume.
Rose?
We are not alone.
Yes, I know.
She is your cousin.
No, she is.
No, she is.
Your cousin is Violetta.
Now, how long you been sitting there?
35 years.
I was the quarterback and I had a clear path to the end zone.
But instead, I handed it off to a guy in a fuzzy coat who threw it like a place-kicker.
I do believe I'll give room service a jangle and have them send up some air-to-fay.
No!
Hey!
Hold it right there.
What do you want?
An apology.
You're the one who blindsided a quarterback at the knees, Hawes.
Uh, well, yeah.
I guess that was unsportsmanlike conduct.
I'm sorry.
But still, well, here's my point.
I would have made that throw.
Uh-huh.
If filth and butts were candy and nuts, we'd all have a merry Christmas.
I would have.
All right, Hawes.
Prove it.
Take us to the Superdome, Cappy.
Violetta tells me she discovered you in a compromising position with Rose and Lily.
Tell me this, were you here to till the soil and nurture the vine or were you just playing in the garden?
Playing?
I think it would be best if you took your leave.
Can I say goodbye to the girls?
Ten yards, one shot.
Congratulations, son.
You feel better?
No, it's not the same.
There's no fans in the stands, there's no pressure, and I didn't win a million dollars.
Let me tell you something, Hank.
What happened yesterday is gone.
Maybe you would have made that throw, but you picked me.
Yeah, I picked you, but I thought at least you would have taken off your jacket.
Hank, I practiced that throw all week at home.
I even made a ten-foot-tall replica of the Alamo beer can.
It gets cold in New Mexico this time of year, so I wore my coat.
I wasn't going to change that yesterday.
I didn't want to screw up my throwing motion.
Huh.
Well, had I known that, I probably wouldn't have tackled you.
Damned if I didn't want to come through for you.
I'm sorry I let you down, but you'll be a lot happier if you let this one go, Hank.
I'll never have a chance like this again.
Nope, you won't.
You know, there's something I wanted as much as you wanted that million dollars.
Don, you have everything.
You were a cowboy during the Landry years.
I wanted to go to the Superbowl.
It came close, but it never happened.
Never will.
And that's alright.
I've never looked back.
It is an honor just to be on the field with you, Dandy Don.
You know, I built a 10-foot Alamo beer can, too.
Did you spot welded or hot glue?
Weld.
That's the only way to go, hon.
Nice weekend, Bill?
Both of them!
Wow, that's a great story, Mr. Meredith.
