Why would anyone do drugs when they could just mow a lawn?
Hank, we were all out of your sports drink, so I blended some lemonade with a few of Bobby's chewable vitamins.
If you want, we can call it Lemonatorade.
I gotta say, we walk through this neighborhood all the time, and you have the most beautifully maintained house.
What's your secret to keeping the grass so green?
Oh, it's simple, really.
We water it.
Uh, actually, it's not that simple.
Every three weeks, I put down a 2833 mix of fertilizer and weed control.
Oh.
Well, it's not just the lawn.
It's all the attention to detail, like the way the brass door knocker sets off the color of the trim.
Oh, right.
And it matches the hinges perfectly.
Did it come as a set?
Well, I'm not sure.
Interesting story about the screws and those hinges.
Hey, you want to see something really great?
Just look at these drapes and tell me they're not real velvet, huh?
Interesting story.
I bought these the day John Lennon was shot.
What was I thinking?
Dragging those people off the street, they probably thought I was nuts.
Yeah, I was a little confused myself.
I guess it just hit me.
I have nothing to do with our house's curb appeal.
Hank, from now on, I am becoming more involved in the front yard.
Maybe plant some exotic flowers.
Something that says, Piggy Hill lives here.
The front yard, huh?
I tell you what, how about we repaint the kitchen?
You can pick out any shade of white you want.
Egg shell, ivory, Swiss coffee, sky's the limit.
The front yard is the statement a home makes to the rest of the world.
Right now it's your statement.
It should be our statement.
Well, I guess we could try a few flowers under the windows, but nothing that climbs.
Yep.
Yep.
What the?
How do you like Joseph's new minibike?
He won it off me in a poker game.
You know that bike's not street legal.
All right.
Joseph, get off the street!
No, not on the lawns.
Boy, Hank, you sure got a lot of arbitrary rules.
And a lot of dang old flowers, man.
Tell them I don't know what ain't Algernon, man.
Tell them I don't know Cliff Robertson.
I'll tell you what, man.
I don't have five cents a minute, man.
Yeah, Peggy's fixing up the front yard a bit.
Gee, Hank, if your wife wants to screw something up, why can't you just stick to Bobby?
It'll be fine.
Plants have little tags with instructions on them.
Please don't ruin my yard.
Congratulations, Bill.
You no longer have the worst yard in Ireland.
Peggy's traveling circus of death is seen to that.
Yeah, man.
She's got a dog that just like the name on Grim Reaper, man, talking about all the sunflowers.
And then a patunius.
Oh, and daisies, too, man.
Help me.
She's trying so hard.
Show's up!
That is not a toy!
Hey, you put a dent in it.
Sorry, Dad.
I sort of crashed into a telephone pole.
I don't care what you... Oh, I can't stay mad at you.
Bet you can't steer that thing with your feet.
So, uh, Peggy, maybe it's time to pull up some of those dead plants.
They're not dead.
They just need some more sunlight.
There's no damn sun.
Well, maybe if you- No one asks for your opinion, okay?
Okay, I'm sorry.
I just really want to do this on my own.
Listen to your husband, Peggy Hill.
If there's one thing that Brillo-haired Hillbilly can do, it's farm.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Angel of Death meets Old MacDonald!
E-I-E-I-E-I-E-I-E-I-E-I-E-I-E-I-E-I-E-I-E-I-E-I-E-I-E-I-E-I-E-I-E-I-E-I-E-I-E-I-E-I-E-I-E-I-E-I-E-I-E-I-E-I-E-I-E-I-E-I-E-I-E-I-E-I-E-I-E-I-E-I-
I tried perennials, I tried annuals, I tried succulents.
Well, you just gotta keep trying until you find the right thing.
And when you finally do, you'll know it.
Thank you, Hank.
She just touched your arm.
Quick, amputate!
Excuse me.
Do you know of a plant that can withstand overwatering, inadequate fertilization, and perhaps some overzealous pruning?
Yeah, they're called weeds.
Great!
Give me a tray of... You know, hot shot, you may think you have the world by the tail right now, making five dollars an hour with that ridiculous red vest and you- Just give us a flat of impatience.
I'm not done with you pimples!
Impatience.
Everyone has impatience.
How is that gonna wow the pants off anyone?
Ooh!
An estate sale!
Pull over.
Dead people have tons of clothes that they don't want anymore.
Fine, but make it fast.
If these turds die in the car, I'll set a new record.
Oh, what beautiful morning glories.
Thank you.
So you're a Gartner?
I'm beginning to think, no.
My God, I love that.
What's that called?
Oh, that's Winkle Bottom.
Kind of a rarity in these parts.
Came all the way from Germany.
Boy, that's exactly what I need in my front yard.
Would you consider selling?
Come on, let's get this in the ground before Hank gets home.
Peggy Hill has found her calling card.
Idiot.
So, what do you think?
I think... I think it's an elf.
Actually, the term is garden gnome.
His name is Winklebottom.
Don't you just love how your eye goes right to him?
Yeah, I didn't even notice the house.
I cannot tell you what a relief this is.
I was getting so frustrated with everything dying on me.
I don't know, Peggy.
Do you really think this thing is for us?
It was just like you said.
I saw it and I immediately knew.
Just like you said.
Uh, yeah.
We have a garden gnome.
Oh boy.
I shall call him Vandor.
You will call him Winklebottom like everyone else.
Now let's go get an old toothbrush.
I want to clean the spider eggs from his ears.
So is that a ceramic gnome or did Peggy kill a real gnome and take it to a taxidermist?
Duh, shank.
What will people think when they see that thing out here?
God willing, they'll think Peggy's a widow.
Hey, how do we know you didn't buy the gnome yourself and are just pretending not to like the gnome so that your friends don't make fun of you?
Hank likes the gnome.
Hank likes the gnome.
I do not like the gnome, Bill.
Hankie and gnome.
Fit and energy.
That's it.
I'm kicking your ass.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Good morning, Hank.
Good morning, mailman Thompson.
Hank, were you trying to keep that mailman from seeing our gnome?
No, no, of course not.
You just did it again.
Well, it's just that people are starting to, you know, say nasty things about our house.
Like what?
What are they saying?
Well, like yesterday, I heard the FedEx guy call our house the one with the gnome out front.
Oh, I see what this is all about.
For years, everyone has always raved about your grass and your hinges, and now you're afraid you're being displaced.
My god, what a beautiful Winkle Bottom.
Yes, very good.
That is Winkle Bottom.
How did you know?
Are you kidding?
I'd recognize one anywhere.
That darling bulbous nose, those adorable hairy knuckles.
This is a 1932 original, handmade by Klaus Seigenlef himself.
Really?
You hear that, Hank?
I heard it.
I am just so envious.
But do you mind if I offer up a little tip?
Your Winkle Bottom is facing southeast.
Technically, he should face north.
Wonderful.
Why?
Well, that's where they're more apt to find tree moss, which is how they make their delicious gnome tea.
That is so charming.
No, it's not.
Oh, there's so much lore for you to discover.
You're gonna lose yourself for hours in all the chat rooms and message boards.
Hey, are you into Babylon 5?
No.
Should I be?
Oh, garden gnome fact number 28.
At night, garden gnomes are quite lively, but they turn to stone the second daylight hits them.
I love it.
Hey, maybe tonight we should leave that a snack plate for old Winklebottom.
Perhaps a fruit pie?
No, Bobby.
Winklebottom would like mushrooms and dandelions and a thimble full of peppermint schnapps.
Look, Mom, they have a whole section called nomenclature.
Thank you, President Winklebottom.
I would love to join you for tea in the Rose Garden.
We got a shooter!
I'll take the bullet!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Dad, I need your help!
I broke Winklebottom!
Oh, boy.
It was an accident.
I swear.
Please, tell me you can fix it.
All right, let's take a look.
I'm afraid there's nothing I can do.
Sorry, Bobby.
But, but mom loved that gnome.
She's gonna kill me.
Bobby, calm down.
How do you expect me to calm down?
You can't fix it.
Yeah, but maybe it's for the best.
Your mother had grown way too attached to that gnome.
Better that something happened to it now before she got even more attached to it.
Don't worry, Bobby.
I'll take care of everything.
Oh, thanks, Dad.
Uh, don't sweat it.
That's what being a father is all about.
Okay, we're gonna dump him in one of these cans.
And if he doesn't fit, just whack him a few times with this fire extinguisher.
So mom's really gonna think someone stole it?
Uh-huh.
There.
That one.
I don't know about this house.
There's a lot of lights on.
All right.
That driveway's empty.
Someone could pull in at any moment.
Fine.
I'll do it myself.
We did it, Dan!
We really did it!
Not yet, we didn't.
Bobby, we are never to speak of this again.
Good morning.
So, how was Mini at your golf last night?
Um, okay.
We were there for 90 minutes.
Dad shot a three under par and I shot four over later.
We stopped for ice cream.
Oh, there's my paper.
Remember son, everything's gonna be okay.
Winkle bottom!
My winkle bottom!
This is just awful.
would do such a thing.
Hooligans.
Oh, it's just so senseless.
Oh, my God, Peggy.
Hank, what happened to our Winkle Bottom?
Oh, I don't know, Sally.
I don't know.
I'm calling the police.
The cops?
Dad!
Now, hold on there.
The police have more important things to do than... Hank, honey, you're too frazzled to think straight.
Aunt Sally's taking care of things now.
Winklebottom is first name or his last name?
I told you, it's just Winklebottom!
Dammit!
We're wasting time here!
I'm just trying to be thorough, ma'am.
Now, didn't any of you hear any strange noises last night?
No, sir.
I was here all night.
No, you weren't.
You were out playing miniature golf last night.
He shot the reander bar, I shot four over, we stopped for ice cream.
Oh, right, that course out there on Lexington.
That last hole's a doozy, ain't it?
Yes.
Please officer, tell me you'll catch the bastards who did this.
Honestly ma'am, there's not much I can do.
Teenagers are always stealing these things and doing God knows what to them.
If we ever do find your Winkle Bottom, there's a good chance you're not gonna want them back.
No!
Hey!
Fancy riding, Tex?
Green acres is the place to be.
Farm living is the life for me.
Land spread to... Oh, heck.
Come on, Peggy.
It was just a garden gnome.
Yeah, and propane is just a stupid gas.
I'm sorry.
I have no reason to lash out at you.
It's just that you get praised all the time about the house, but I don't.
That's why Winkle Bottom was a big deal for me.
Complete strangers would walk by our house and say to themselves, that's the lady with the cool gnome.
Now I'm just the old hag who picks up dog poop with a hockey stick.
Bobby, I'm telling your mother what happened.
You're what?
I can't stand to see her like this.
It's the only thing that'll give her peace.
No way!
The whole time you've been giving me grief about cracking, and now you're gonna crack?
Uh-uh.
We had a deal, old man.
Hey, watch your mouth.
Sorry.
Look, I'll take all the heat.
She won't know you had anything to do with this, but she has to know.
Uh, Peggy, I've got something difficult to tell you.
Vandals didn't take your gnome.
It was me.
What?
Well, his ear broke off, so I drove him to the Heimlich County Forest and buried him in a shallow grave.
No.
No, you're lying.
I'm not, Peggy.
It's the truth.
No.
Even if you hated Winklebottom, there is no way you would ever do such a hurtful thing.
Oh my god, you're covering for someone!
Peggy, I'm not- Bobby!
It's Bobby!
Me?
Of course!
You were playing one of your weird little games, and you broke it, didn't you?
Uh, uh, dad?
No, no, really, it was me.
I couldn't stand the little freak, so I rolled him in a towel and smashed him to pieces for good measure.
You should've seen him, mommy, he was nuts!
How dare you try laying this on your father!
You're grounded for a week, mister.
Dad!
Peggy, really?
He didn't?
Don't make it any worse for him, Hank.
Now you go to your room.
Dinner time.
One peanut butter and jelly sandwich, no dessert.
There's pudding in my sock.
Everything will be fine.
Your mother will get over this.
No, she won't.
Dad, you've got to get her a new one.
But that thing was pretty rare.
I wouldn't even know where to get another one.
I do.
You know that German tourist town on I-35?
The one with the windmills and the gingerbread houses?
Ugh, new Huff and Shine.
If they don't have a replacement for Winkle Bottom, then no one does.
Lights out, Bobby.
I said lights out!
I'll bring you back a t-shirt.
I need a gnome and not just any gnome, I need a Winkle Bottom.
A Winkle Bottom?
Why don't you just ask me to move a rainbow?
Ugh, I can't tell if you're being sarcastic or just weird.
If you're lucky enough to get a hold of a Winkle Bottom, you better hang on for dear life.
Now, if you want something spectacular, how about one of these?
Just marked it down, 80%.
Hey, what's that over there?
Oh, that's an antique Figgleforth.
True, he looks very similar to Winklebottom.
But let me warn you, completely different personality.
Wrap him up and get me out of here.
Oh, a Figgleforth!
Excuse me, I had him first.
Actually, you didn't.
Hey, hey, let's leave the fighting to the trolls, okay?
I really need this particular gnome.
Who doesn't?
I bet this joker doesn't even know where gnomes come from.
Or how they say goodnight to each other or what it means when they shave their mustache and not their beard.
Alright, you got me.
I'm not a dork, I sell propane.
Truth is, I hate gnomes.
I really, really hate them.
But my wife loves them, and as beautiful as my lawn and my galvanized steel rain gutters are, they're no match for my wife's happiness.
I'd do anything to see her happy again.
Even if it means putting this character in my yard.
Okay, Blanche, the gnome is yours.
Declined.
You're maxed out.
Put it on lay-away!
I'll pay cash.
Come back and see us again.
Uh, yeah, I don't think so.
I was talking to Figgleforth.
Yep, that's true north.
Here, you can give this to your mother.
It's the fully executed copy of the, uh, adoption papers.
I know how hard that must've been for you, Dad.
You wanna talk about it?
Just get your mother.
Mom!
Bobby, you are supposed to be... Oh, it's beautiful.
His name is Figgle Forrest.
We found him in Newhoffensheim.
It was Bobby's idea.
Oh, Hank, I love it.
And it is so sweet of you to give Bobby credit for this, but I know it was all you.
What?
No, Peggy, he really... Oh, don't worry, Hank.
I'm not mad at him anymore.
Kids will be kids.
Tell you what, Bobby, since your dad's being so generous towards you, so can I. I am suspending your sentence.
Thanks.
Yep, now he's out here for the whole world to see.
You know, now that I think about it, I'm not sure if I even want to keep them on the lawn.
You don't?
Well, you heard that, policeman.
People steal these things all the time.
Maybe it's best if we keep it inside.
Yes, perfect.
Oh, that makes so much sense.
Inside.
Hank likes to know.
