like Dr. Money and have champagne for breakfast and caviar for your cat.
How much return do you want for your infection?
Princess!
That could have been me under there.
I could have died last night.
A bad, huh?
I always pictured you sleeping in a pile of shredded newspaper like a hamster.
Boy, facing your own mortality really makes you think.
Feels like someone's trying to tell me something.
Yeah, that was me six months ago when I said you needed to get your roof inspected.
No, Hank.
My roof caving in happened for a reason.
It wasn't to kill me, it was to wake me up.
I've been spared for some greater purpose, but what?
Why am I here?
Tell you what, man, don't tell me I don't mean to laugh at me.
Go read that old Hitchhiker's Guide, man.
Don't tell me I'm 42, man.
Look, Bill, you're just shaking up because you lost a good roof.
All you need is a home maintenance organizer.
I'll make you a binder.
Thanks, but what I need is meaning.
And there's no binder for that.
Look, Bill, I'm on your deathbed.
Now I'm bouncing on your deathbed.
Maybe Bill's purpose in life should be to proofread the bulletin.
Apparently spell check is a sin.
Hey Hank, can you scoot over?
Come on Bill, it's kind of tight in here already.
I can't focus on God if I'm afraid we're gonna touch knees.
Please!
I promise I won't spread.
Good morning.
Before we begin, I'd like to share some thoughts about last week's church breakfast.
Normally, I don't take it personally when people don't participate, but when you're sitting alone with 300 pancakes, you can't help but take stock.
Anyway, after a glass of merlot and a good cry, I realized, hey, I'm not a quitter!
So I've come up with some fantastic new activities, and they're listed in your bulletins.
Hey, there's something every night of the week.
Sometimes two things.
Something's happening to me, Hank.
Something wonderful.
OK.
I think I found my purpose.
It's here in the church.
Reverend Stoop needs people to get involved, and that's what I'm going to do.
Good for you, Bill.
I know you're excited, but I'm going to need at least a hymnals width between us.
Sorry.
Everyone, we have a new addition to our Bible study, Bill Dothriev.
We're happy to have you with us, Bill.
I'm happy to be here.
God told me to come here tonight.
No, no, no.
Not in that crazy way.
It was purely inspirational.
OK.
Does anyone have any thoughts about this week's reading?
Yeah, I still don't understand how Abraham could wait 100 years before God gave him a son.
I've been waiting four years for a promotion, and my head's about to explode.
Oh, good.
We're talking about your job again.
What's better than talking about your tomato plants for the 15th time?
I think the story's about patience.
Being patient is hard, but if you're waiting for something really great, it's worth it.
Thank you, Bill.
I couldn't have said it better myself.
Hmm.
Really?
Wow.
Bill, I'm tired of holding your beer.
This hand isn't used to being cold.
Sorry, just brushing up on my first and second Timothy.
So I guess you found what you were looking for there at the church, huh?
You know, purpose and whatnot?
No, it's great.
I've got Bible study three nights a week, apostles and donuts on Tuesday mornings, and this Sunday I'm starting a class about the biblical truths in Narnia.
Wow, Bill.
That is a lot of God.
I know.
I think I found my calling.
I can't wait to teach the Bible to people all over the world.
the world?
Oh, sure.
The church organizes mission trips all over Haiti, Romania, Nigeria.
Then maybe I'll spend a couple of years in the Methodist monastery to really hone my skills.
And Bill's off the rails.
Now hang on, Bill.
You can't go jumping in head first like you usually do.
Before you become a minister and run off to Africa, maybe you should try to find what you're looking for right here.
OK, but really it's not up to me.
So don't get mad if you're overruled by God.
Morning.
Beautiful Sunday, isn't it?
Nice Bible, Mr. Dothrief.
Thanks.
It's waterproof, tear-proof.
The guy at the store said it could survive the apocalypse.
I guess you needed something more durable for those mission trips, huh?
Oh, no, those are off, Hank.
I'm not going anywhere.
Really?
Thank God.
I had a long talk with Reverend Stroop and decided you were right.
My purpose is right here in Arlen.
Everything I need is in this church.
All wrapped up with a green satin stole.
Well, that's a weird way to put it, but I'm glad you came to your senses.
Do you want me to scoot over?
No, thanks.
I'm going to grab a seat closer to the front.
Good morning.
Our Old Testament reading can be found on page 451 of your Pew Bibles.
Let us hear the word.
Let him kiss me with the kisses of his mouth, for your love is better than the wine.
What is this?
Song of Solomon.
Isn't it a little PG-13 for church?
You have ravished my heart with one look of your eyes.
I am my beloveds, and his desire is toward me.
No!
Uh, I, uh, sorry, I dropped my Bible here.
Bill, open up.
Bill, I know what's going on here.
You and Reverend Stroop are...involved.
That's crazy, Hank.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Crazy.
Come on, Bill.
You can come out.
He knows.
Relax, Hank.
I won't bite.
Unless you want her to.
Sorry, poorly timed joke completely inappropriate.
Don't even know if it's true.
Hank, it's okay.
Ministers are allowed to date.
I'm not just a person of God.
I'm a woman too.
I wouldn't know anything about that.
Still, I found that congregations can be less than accepting when it comes to this type of situation.
Why do you think I love St.
Paul?
So if you wouldn't mind, can we keep this just between us?
All right.
Thank you, thank you, thank you!
I gotta go mow or water or something.
I like that song, too.
She seems like an angel.
Who could Bill be talking to?
We're all right here.
Uh, it's probably just work.
Sorry, fellas.
Well, that's okay.
We were just, uh... Hello?
Hi.
Uh, uh, General.
Sorry, I have to take this.
Oh, great.
Ugh.
Hey!
Hey, everybody!
Hank, we need to talk.
Hey, Mr. Dothrieve.
I think Joseph and I saw you out of Lake Arlen today when we were riding bikes.
Uh, I'm sure it was someone else.
Mr. Dothrieve has a very common shape.
It sure looked like him.
He was in his car with some woman.
She was the prostitute!
Bill!
Just kidding, wasn't me.
Bill, outside.
What do you want, Bill?
Well, as a thank you for covering for my, you know, steamy secret relationship, I wanted to take you out to dinner.
That's really not necessary.
We'll go for a steak.
Good steak.
Hmm.
Prime steak?
Hmm.
Hank, don't be mad.
Don't talk to me.
I had to trick you.
You wouldn't have come if I told you Karen and I wanted a romantic evening out and we needed you for a cover.
It's so naughty being out in public, isn't it?
No one in this restaurant knows we're an item.
The secret drives me wild.
How wild.
That's my foot.
Sorry.
Hey, there's one of those gypsy ladies selling roses and tic-tacs.
I'm gonna buy you one of each.
Hank, I was thinking about taking Bill to this cute B&B outside McMainerberry.
Can you sneak away for an overnight?
What?
No.
Reverend Stroop, I can't do this anymore.
I don't want to sneak away.
I don't want to keep lying to everyone.
And you shouldn't either.
But I don't have a choice.
If Bill and I want our relationship to work, we have to keep it a secret or boom!
It's St.
Paul all over again.
Well, it seems to me that things you have to keep secret are things you shouldn't be doing.
You're right, Hank.
It is wrong.
I'll talk to Bill tonight.
Sorry, Hank.
Would've looked weird if I didn't buy one for you, too.
Bobby, what are you doing?
You can't take those.
But these baby envelopes are perfect for all my little stuff.
Well, you shouldn't have any little stuff.
Now put them back.
Welcome, everyone.
Before we begin this morning, I have an announcement.
Oh, I hope it's a canned food drive.
I can finally unload all that pumpkin pie filling.
I've been keeping a secret from all of you, and it's time I come clean.
I've been dating someone, and he's right here in this room.
Oh, no.
Bill?
Peace be with you.
Oh my God.
Hank, what's happening?
This is a disaster of biblical proportions.
Now Stroop's gonna shirk all her spiritual duties.
I'm sure she won't, Dale.
Ah, you know how women get when they're in love.
It's all kissy face, this, huggy pie, that.
Meanwhile, who's making sure I get into heaven?
No one.
Ah, everybody.
Afternoon, Bill.
Reverend Stroop.
Ah, Hank, please, call me Karen.
Yeah, I'm not gonna do that.
Relax, fellas.
You don't have to be nervous around me.
Dale, why don't you pass me one of those bad boys?
Hmm.
I think I'm gonna hit my damn phone ringing, man.
See you guys later, man.
Sweetie, you got some beer foam on your lip.
Oops, I forgot how ticklish you are.
Oh, I forgot again!
You are so cute.
My back tire looks low.
Yep, low.
Uh, hey, Padre!
Salvation over here!
That's the third time tonight I've caught people staring at us.
Oh, they're just jealous of our love.
People will have to get used to it.
Well, hello you two!
Bill, this is Justin and Sue from Church.
What a surprise to see you.
And you.
It's date night.
We're seeing that new Harrah movie.
I love to get scared so I can hold onto my man.
Thanks for asking me to join the building committee.
Actually, Hank, we got you here under false pretenses.
This is about Reverend Stroop and her... relationship.
Dang it.
How do we put this, uh, the two of them together?
Well, it's... It's gross.
Look, we're not saying they can't date.
I'm saying that.
Okay, we wish we could say that, but we're not.
Can you just get them to tone it down a bit?
Ugh... What do you mean?
people have a problem with caring in me dating?
Everyone's just having a hard time getting used to it, especially with the way you guys are carrying on.
I can't control how I feel, Hank.
We're in love.
No one kissed my woman on a street corner, then I'm gonna do it.
Now calm down, Bill.
No one's saying you two can't date.
What's going on?
Who's saying we can't date?
Everybody!
Your deacon sent Hank here to break us up.
It's... It's recocculus!
That's not true.
No one wants to break anyone up.
This is wrong, Bill.
He can't hear us apart.
I know, baby.
Come here.
Well, I hope you're happy, Hank.
You've got my Karen so riled up she's down at the church talking to your love-hating dickin' buddies right now.
They don't hate love, Bill.
They just hate your love.
Sweetheart, are you okay?
What did the deacons say?
They said they were uncomfortable with our relationship.
So what are they gonna do to you?
Stockade?
Public lashing?
It's already done.
I'm no longer the reverend of Arlen Methodus.
This is unacceptable.
They can't fire you for love.
That's discrimination.
They didn't fire me, Bill.
I quit.
We're gonna fight this.
We're gonna do it.
Wait, what?
I wasn't going to stand there while they suggested what we were doing is wrong, so I turned in my robe.
So our love is no longer forbidden?
That's right.
Isn't it wonderful?
I'm going to go start packing so I can move in tonight.
Move in?
This is so sudden.
I have to, Bill.
I can't live at the church personage anymore.
I'll see you soon.
Huh.
Wow.
Stroop chose you over God.
Huh.
Well, this is the last of it.
Can't get rid of me now.
This is nice.
Just you and me living a quiet, normal life.
Yeah.
Not having to sneak around or worry what people think is much more relaxing.
Almost boring, in fact.
That shelf would be perfect for my snow babies.
Snow babies?
Can someone roll me another bear?
Get it yourself, Dale.
No way.
Stroop's ex is bound to take vengeance on Bill, and I don't want to be collateral damage from one of his lightning bolts.
I don't want her in my house!
What?
I thought I wanted her.
But that was when our relationship was exciting and taboo, like Romeo and Juliet.
Now we're just a normal boring couple and Juliet put all these weird little no babies all over my house.
Look, you can't be so quick to break it off.
She gave up a lot for you.
Don't you think I know that?
I thought this was all part of God's plan.
But if it is, then why am I so miserable?
Someone's gotta be.
Maybe God was tired of her too, and his plan was to dump her on your doorstep.
Please take her back.
Wait, I don't mean killer.
Take her back.
Oh, God.
What am I going to do?
I can't break up with her.
Tell you what, man.
Talk about getting her to break up you, man.
That's what you do, man.
Brilliant, Boomhauer.
Act like an ass.
She dumps you.
You're off the hook.
Why has no one ever tried that before?
You can't do that, Bill.
I like being off the hook.
I'm going to do Boomhauer's idea.
Honey, you barely touched your dinner.
Don't you like your mashed potatoes?
I've had better.
I guess they are a little dry.
Maybe they sat out too long.
What are you trying to say that I was late for dinner?
No, I just didn't know when you were coming in from the alley.
Oh, now I'm spending too much time with my friends.
Bill, what are you talking about?
You can't change me.
If I want to hang out in the alley and drink beer and talk about the devil, then I'm going to do it.
If you don't like it, then you can break up with me.
You want to break up with me?
I don't want to break up with you.
I love you.
I know.
Mom, why is Mr. Dothrieff sitting out there in the dark?
Hank, Bill's on the patio again.
I'm on it.
What's going on, Bill?
I don't know what I'm gonna do.
I tried what Boomhauer said, but she still won't leave me.
I guess we're getting married.
Bill, this is ridiculous.
You can't spend the rest of your life with someone just because you're afraid to be honest with them.
But honesty's hard.
I know, but it's the right thing to do.
There you are, sweetie.
I thought you wanted to get us ice cream.
No, Karen.
The ice cream was a lie.
Sit down.
We need to talk.
Now?
Oh, God.
What's going on out there, Dad?
Mr. Dothrieve and Reverend Stroop are breaking up on my patio.
Really?
Bobby, dry slower.
Peggy, we can't watch this.
Hank, we have to.
When good people fail to watch, bad things happen.
Huh.
I pegged her for a crier, not a screamer.
Should I be seeing this?
I feel like I'm growing up too fast.
Dang it, don't stomp on the grass.
I just reseeded that section.
Wait, she's... I think she saw us, duck.
Our New Testament lesson is from the book of Matthew.
Let us hear the word.
And seeing the multitudes... So when's Reverend Stroop gonna give sermons again?
That temp guy goes on too long.
I don't know.
I think she's going to be on probation for a while.
You know, I can't help but think that this is partly my fault.
Uh, it's kind of all your fault, Bill.
Yeah, I guess you're right.
You know, Hank, I think I finally figured out what God's plan is for me.
Really?
What's that?
You know how you told me to fix my roof, and then you told me not to secret date our minister, and then after I did that, I should break up with her like a man?
Yeah.
I think God's plan for me is to always listen to you.
Well, I don't know about that, but it has been 3,000 miles since your last oil change.
Don't forget to take your car in.
Thank thank.
God told me to come here tonight.
