Summer.
It's what America does best.
Heck, we were born in the summer.
Oh my goodness.
Will you look at this outdoor sofa and coffee table?
Wow.
See, the trend today is to make your outdoor space feel less backyardy and more living roomy.
Come on, Hank.
Sit with me.
Dream with me.
Well, I'm a guy who can sit on just about anything, but this furniture is goddamn lovely.
Let's buy it.
All of it.
What?
Well, this is all happening so fast.
Don't fight it.
I need new pots for the summer.
I'm planting hibiscus to attract hummingbirds, bees, anything really.
I'm thinking new hammock.
For me, laying and swaying in a hammock is like a steady morphine drip without the risk of renal failure.
Is that what I think it is?
It's beautiful.
This will no doubt be the best summer of our entire lives.
Yep.
Yep.
Well, I'll tell you what, man, love just to chill back and then get him a dang old grill and chill, man, but I'd like to head up Canada this summer, man.
Canada?
A man only has so many summers, Boomhauer.
Why would you waste yours in a country that's dismantling its navy?
Tell me about a house swap with no Canadian family for, you know, A.
How, Swap?
There's gonna be Canadians living here, walking around, touching things for three whole months?
You're gonna be gone for an absurd amount of time!
What if we all make new friends or get remarried?
It could happen.
Love is funny.
Have fun.
Hope you got your shots.
Boomhauer, don't you dare come back a hockey fan.
Well, man, you know, I got to do what I'm going to do, man.
I miss him.
I miss him.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
Look, I know we all miss Boomhauer, but he wouldn't want us crying in our beer.
Hey, looks like the Canadians are here.
Now, be polite, Dale.
We're Americans.
We're the world's welcome mat.
It doesn't matter if they're from Canada, Laos, or God forbid, California.
Right now, they're from Rainey Street.
It's our patriotic duty to show them what good neighbors are all about.
Pine.
Whatever.
Holy jeez, this looks like one of those spicy motels.
Well, we wanted something different than the lake this year.
I think we got her.
Oh dear, I'm just gonna slip this young lady behind the Chesterfield.
Hello and welcome to the United States.
Piggy Hill at your service.
Hank Hill, good to meet you.
Gordon Huskins, it's a pleasure.
Oh, sorry.
This is my wife Maureen and our son Holly.
How tall are you?
Four foot eleven.
Oh, right on.
That's a hundred fifty centimeters.
Hey, I sound tall in Canada.
I wonder if I'm thinner there too.
Keep talking.
That's a good-looking t-shirt you got there, Gordon.
You in the mower business?
Oh, I wish, but I've got a thing for McCullum mowers.
Canadian outfit.
Ride high, ride strong, ride McCullum.
Now, that's a slogan.
Maureen, this is for you.
And join me, won't you, on a 50-state tour of America.
Here is Texas barbecue sauce, Washington apples, Vermont maple syrup.
Oh, that's so nice.
But we always travel with our own pure maple syrup.
It's like they say, you don't want to drink the water in every country, eh?
I am telling you, Hank, those Canadians are not who they pretend to be.
That woman insulted me and every maple tree in Vermont today.
Peggy, they're probably not used to dealing with neighbors.
Canada is vast.
They might go months without seeing another person.
Oh, Hank.
You're just easily enchanted by anyone in lawnmower apparel.
That's why I wore my John Deere beefy tee on our first date.
No, I'm a good neighbor.
That's all.
I can handle this.
Remember when that old widow couldn't take care of her yard anymore?
Who forced her to move?
I did.
Hello, my name is Suzette.
I live next door.
Yeah, man, I'm down bonjour, man.
Here, I brought you some coffee crisp, huh?
We need to properly position the kegerator, someplace where I can keep one eye on the grill and one eye on the game.
I might need to lay down some chalk lines to make sure I get the angles right.
Hey, how's it going, everybody?
Maureen made a nice tray of her brownies, eh?
So what do you say?
Let's get at her.
Thanks, Gordon.
Hey, we're gonna watch Super Bowl XIII later.
The Broncos' Orange Crush versus the Cowboys' Doomsday Defense.
Wanna pull up a chair?
Oh, thanks, but you know, I prefer the fast-paced Canadian three-down system.
I mean, American football is a real snoozer, huh?
Enjoy your nap, though, eh?
I'd like to put that chuckle of his in a sandwich and make him eat it.
He's okay, Dale.
That must be how they trash talk in Canada with little chuckles.
Tell you what, Peggy's dying to throw a party to break in our new patio furniture.
I'll invite the Canadians.
You'll see, they're regular folks.
But enough of that, we need to build a bar worthy of housing our Kegorator.
With this sophisticated new furniture, I feel like we should be talking about art or politics or this new furniture.
I'm confused, Aunt Peggy.
I feel like we're inside, but I'm pretty sure we're outside.
Thank you, Louie.
Yeah, it's a lovely outdoor coach, but I'm starting to get a little rush.
Probably all the petrochemicals in the synthetic fabric.
like everyone else is doing fine.
It might be that your skin isn't used to warm sunlight and friendship.
You might be right, because these bugs don't seem to hate it either.
All right, it's going to be that kind of party.
Gentlemen, I know you've all been waiting patiently, and now to commemorate our first draft beer of the summer,
I present to you your very own personalized frosty beer mugs.
Grab one.
These will be kept here for you.
Always chilled, always ready.
Good.
Wow.
Gordon, I'd be honored if you used boomhowers.
Cheers, everybody.
Now that we're here, it's time for a beer.
What could be more apropos?
Alamo!
Alamo!
My one true amigo!
Well, I guess it's a fine beer.
You know, if you're not into flavor, but you love going to the washroom all night.
Oh, sorry.
Maureen's given me our secret signal to leave.
It's good to meet all you.
This mug is boom-hauer.
Gordon left him for dead in those geraniums.
If you ask me, I think America's building a wall on the wrong border.
This can't be right.
Nobody's that rude.
There has to be some kind of cultural misunderstanding.
How can I help you, officer?
Is your house?
Yes, sir.
We received a noise complaint.
Noise complaint?
Nobody's making any noise here.
I get so angry when people aren't respectful of their neighbors.
Did you ever stop to think that maybe there's a bigger world out there than what's happening right here?
Here's a warning.
You don't want to see me again.
Wait, which neighbors would call the cops?
Everybody's here.
Except the Canadians.
I can't believe Gordon called the cops on us.
He's gonna be sorry when he sees me today.
It's about time you woke up, Hank.
Anger is more fun when shared.
Mom, can I have another half-liter of OJ, please?
What?
Bobby, we speak English in this house.
But dad, Canada's metric system makes so much more sense.
A yard, a foot, an ounce.
That's so random.
Why not measure things in squirts and dog's tails?
Alright, that's it.
No more ollie.
No more metric talk.
This is America, dang it.
We know what we're doing.
I gotta go straighten this out.
Hey there, Hank.
Can I make you up a Ryan ginger?
Nothing says summer like an R and G. No, I want to talk about last night, Gordon.
Oh, yeah.
What a nice party.
Yeah, Maureen?
Super nice, Gord.
You know, in America, it's okay to call or just knock on your neighbor's door if there's a problem.
You don't need to call the cops.
Oh, sorry about that.
We're not familiar with your local customs.
You know, Hank, you really ought to think about getting them a column mower.
Quiet as a casket, and it won't damage your grass blades.
That's what's making your lawn look so brown.
Are you talking about my grass blades, Canada?
You know, maybe I'll stop by that new McCullum dealer later on.
See if they'll let me test out a new model and give Boomhauer a proper mowower here.
I told Boomhauer I'd take care of his yard while he's away.
Oh, yeah?
Well, if you think you have the right to his land, who am I to get in your way?
Okay, fine.
Real good then.
Oh, man.
Oh, la, la.
You know, before this, I always drank out of a can.
I never knew beer was yellow.
Ah, that Gordon Huskins.
All he talks about is how great Canada is and what's wrong with America.
I dodged bullets in the killing fields for two extra years instead of going to Canada.
Outside the Hill residence, Peggy speaking.
Oh, yes, Gordon.
Oh, of course.
Well, thank you.
You bet.
Uh-huh.
Okay, I'm hanging up now.
Hank, that was Gordon.
They're whining about the music being too loud.
They're reading.
Dang it, that man is not ruining my summer.
If I want to get rid of those Canadians, I'm going to have to do something I've never done before.
Be a bad neighbor.
Go ahead, fellas.
Live it up.
Yay!
When the whiskey is mild to travel,
Can we please stop this?
I can actually feel my liver through my shirt.
We can't let up.
This is for America.
All right, you turkeys.
I got a two-four of slewbacks.
You want to throw down?
Let's throw down.
Have a seat.
Now, this is a beer.
Why can't America make a decent ale?
Probably because we're too busy making medical breakthroughs and blockbuster movies and going to the moon.
Yeah?
Well, we invented zippers, penicillin, and the Zamboni.
I love Canada's national anthem.
Too bad they don't play it much at the Olympics.
And your money has a girl on it.
You Americans, you're so gosh darn ignorant and self-centered.
Tell me who our prime minister is.
Why?
Bottom line, Gordon, my Mason could kick your McCullum's ass.
Oh, oh, that does it, eh?
Yay!
Yay!
That'll learn him.
Don't mess with Texas!
What the heck?
He's mowing boob house lawn with a Canadian mower.
Not if I have anything to say about it.
USA!
USA!
USA!
Oh!
Oh yeah!
Wait a bit, I...
Hank!
That crazy canuck is mowing your yard!
Oh, God.
0.085.
That's a DWI for YOU.
0.09.
Huh.
You win, Canada.
Are you just too fairy?
Give me a dollar.
Hey, Kill.
You're free to go.
Son!
Welcome to the club!
Come on, I'll give you a hug.
Thanks, Mr. Strickland.
Who's this?
JJ Womack.
I'm your best friend in the world right now.
Oh, JJ's got me off the hook more times than I can count.
Don't know how it does it, and don't ask.
What about me?
You're a foreign national who committed a criminal offense.
May God have mercy on your soul.
Hank, you gotta help me.
Oh, you mean bail you out of trouble?
How terribly American that would be of me, eh?
You can leave, my dear.
Dear, don't worry.
We still have this night.
They say jail can make a man hard, but you look okay Hank.
Maybe a little harder, but not much.
Well, the DWI still goes on my record, but thanks to Buck's lawyer, I won't lose my license.
But I have to go talk to some high school kids about drinking and driving and look at some dead bodies at the morgue and stay off my lawnmower for six months.
Six months with a push mower?
That's hard time, my friend, but still.
It's kind of sad that Gordon is stuck in prison indefinitely.
Yeah, kind of feel bad for the guy too.
But come on, it's not like he'll be tortured, officially.
Hey.
Good news, everyone.
Gordon got another death threat, but it's okay.
They moved him to a single cell with a roommate who they tell me has his back.
Hello, Jeff.
Oh my, it's the 15th already.
Would you mind if we stayed a little longer?
Gordon's in a bit of a legal spot.
Man, I kind of come back to my damn old love nest, man.
Suzette?
What are you doing here?
What about John Paul?
John Paul?
I hope you stay in that aluminum mine forever, huh?
I'm finished with that guy.
That's it, that's all.
I see.
Well, yes, of course we'll be out right away.
Ollie and I will just sleep in the rental car.
Give me!
You're tired, you're poor, you're huddled masses, etc.
Maureen, Ollie, you can stay with us.
What are neighbors for?
Are you sure you don't want to stay inside?
Oh, absolutely not.
We don't want to be any more of an imposition than we already are.
And frankly, I feel like we are inside.
That's very kind.
What about the chemicals?
I may have imagined those chemicals.
I imagine you're right.
It's hard to enjoy a cold beer while others in the world don't have a roof over their heads.
Hard, yes.
Impossible?
No.
You know, Canadians might be sanctimonious and bland, but America has been protecting Canada ever since England stopped.
Who's there when tyranny strikes or when earthquakes hit or tsunamis roll?
We are.
Fellows, we've got a neighbor in trouble and it's time we did something about it.
I'm not going to pretend I feel sorry for your Canadian friend, because I don't.
But I could take pity if the price was right.
We're cash poor at the moment, but you look like a drinker.
Perhaps we could barter.
Goodbye, old friend.
You treat her right, Womack.
Keep her lines clean, you're here.
Gordon, you're alive.
Was it terrible?
Did they humiliate you?
This must be quite a sacrifice for you, eh?
You have no idea.
Beer from a can.
It's barbaric.
See you guys!
If you're ever up in Canada to get reasonably priced pharmaceuticals or, you know, a breath of fresh air, look us up!
Keep your stick on the ice.
The nerve of that guy.
So ungrateful.
Didn't even say thank you for getting him out of jail.
Or for giving up our kegerator, which had replaced trash day as my favorite thing about this neighborhood.
No, he didn't.
But you know what?
We were good neighbors and we did the right thing.
That's what matters.
Yep.
Yep.
Mm-hmm.
We dream as big as we want to.
We all get a chance.
Everybody gets to dance.
Only in America.
