All right, Bobby, why don't you read that Sunday school report to me like I'm a customer and you're trying to win my business?
Okay.
The man I admire most is my dad, Hank Hill.
He sells propane and propane accessories.
I like it already, son.
You've grabbed my attention and got me eager for more.
Howdy, Hank!
Mr. Strickland?
What you got there, old top?
The man I most admire, my daddy.
Oh, you got that right, Bobby.
15 years, I promoted him 15 times all the way to assistant manager.
You should be proud, son.
You're a seed.
I'm my daddy's seed.
Hank, I got a grunt.
Let's take a little meeting in the back.
Bobby, here's the key to the March of Diamonds gun ball machine.
Oh, you can eat.
Hank, you ever heard of Holloway Hollows?
Isn't that that new development that promises country club living at price club prices?
Yeah, that's the one.
They're gonna need a propane supplier.
Holloway himself is coming down here from Boston to check us out.
This one is big, Hank.
Here's your sales kit.
Rental car keys?
Big ol' caddy.
Yankies eat that stuff up like a baby at his mama's mochup.
What the heck is this?
Well, that's one of them new counterfeit-proof Benny Franklin $100 bills.
Sir, this is Hank Hill you're talking to.
I'm not going to need all that James Bond stuff to make the deal.
Well, Hank, I don't want to sneeze doing your backswing, but we got some competition.
M.F.
Thatherton.
Thatherton?
Sorry to call them eating in the skunkworks, boys.
No, I promise not to make a habit of it.
Boy, Fatherton, those are some pretty tough sales quotas, I tell you what.
You want to meet the quota?
Take some propane to an old-age home.
Tell them it's oxygen.
You can't do that to old people.
Ha-ha-ha!
You're the company man.
You see, that's the difference between us.
You're a worker bee, and I'm a queen.
Say, huh?
I'm going out on my own.
Fatherton fuels.
I already signed Strickland's top three accounts.
Well, you've got one heck of a nerve plotting against a man while his seat's still warm.
Take a good look around, Hank, because you ain't going nowhere.
Well, that's where you're wrong.
You can count on me, sir.
I appreciate your vote of confidence, and I just want to... Hey, little privacy, do you mind?
Look at the size of old Ben Franklin's head.
He truly was the homely genius.
Well, take a good look because it's going back to Strickland on Monday.
But aren't you supposed to spend it on your big client?
When have I ever needed a three-figure entertainment budget to sell propane?
I'm gonna close this deal the same way I always do.
A cup of coffee, and a slice of pie, and a handshake.
And if I hit a snag, pie a la mode.
Would you stop that?
That horn is for highway emergency use only.
And you two get off.
I've got to return this pimp mobile in the same condition.
Why you have silly cow-caw, Hank?
Hank's entertaining a business prospect from the east, Mr. Khan.
Oh, I see.
Hank's suck up to make sale.
Khan, I have never had to suck up to make a sale, and I never will.
What do you suppose the Holloway's look like?
You know those Boston types?
Probably small, pale, and wearing penny loafers.
Put her there, partner.
Mr. Holloway?
Is a prom dress tight after a six-pack?
Which way do you catalyk?
This one is in the bag.
How'd you like to freshen up with a nice hot towel?
Oh, and here's one for you.
Dang, these are Texas-sized hot towels.
You know, Peggy heated these towels on our propane-powered hot point range.
Did a great job, I'll tell you what.
I'll tell you what.
I like that.
I'm gonna say it while I'm here.
Well, I'd like to tell you what Strickland can do to meet your energy needs.
You see, at Strickland, the customer comes first.
It's kind of interesting, the word customer begins with C-U.
Well, we don't see you as just another sale, but as a member of our team.
Do you like pie?
I do!
We got the best pie in town here, Mr. Holloway, and it's cooked with stricklin' propane, too.
Hey, look!
There's a real old Texas jukebox, just like in the last picture show!
What do you have, Hank?
Salesman's special?
Yes, ma'am.
Three slices of pecan pie and two cups of coffee.
And three scoops of ice cream.
Now, hold on, son.
Let me let you in on a little salesman trick.
Don't start off with ice cream right away, because if you run into a hitch, you got no place to go.
What kind of Texas jukebox is that for crying out loud?
It doesn't even have the theme from Dallas.
Mr. Holloway, I won't beat around the bush.
There's 14 reasons to go with Strickland propane.
14 very compelling reasons.
J.I.
J.I.
He's a really bad guy who lives on a ranch with his mom.
Say, I'm gonna call you J.I.
from now on.
Howdy, Hank.
Ain't you gonna introduce me to your golden-throated friend here?
Sure, I'll introduce you, Mr. Holloway.
This is the only man ever censured by the Texas Propane Association for lewdness and conduct unbecoming a propane salesman.
M.F.
Fatherton.
Fatherton Fuels.
Dang, glad to meet you, M.F.
The M.F.
stands for... My friend.
Because at Fatherton Fuels, we're everybody's friend, and we want to be your friend too, Mr. Holloway.
Who's this, Hank?
Your district sales manager?
I'm his son, Bobby.
I'm waiting for my pie.
I can see you get your sense of humor from your daddy.
He gets a sense of humor from both his parents.
Thank you very much.
Pleasure meeting you, Holloway.
I'll, uh, let old Hank get on with his 14-reason speech.
Bobby, you can tell your Sunday school class that you met a real Texan today.
M.F.
Faviden.
Joe Tiffany, you better make that pie a la mode.
Under your very feet, Mr. Holloway, is what's called the propane crossroads.
It's the only place in the world you can straddle the east and west pipelines.
You want Texas, Mr. Holloway?
This is Texas.
Where are the oil wells?
Where are the ratless?
Gaya, I want to buy a six-shooter.
Careful now.
This free-toe pie is spicy, spicy, spicy.
Oh, that's yummy.
Yes, it's wonderful.
But Peggy, you shouldn't make such a fuss over me.
I just want you to be yourself while I'm here.
That is the only gal I know how to be.
I told you nicely to buy me a gun.
Well, I know it's always fun to take home a keepsake, but your time is so valuable.
Phew!
Look at all this nothing.
What's the suicide rate out here?
Uh, do you mean right here?
Because this is where Holloway Hollows is going up.
Something's wrong.
Yeah, it's the darn unions.
Come on, boys, finish up them little debbies and get back to work.
No, no.
Something's wrong with you.
Where's your cowboy boots?
I don't have cowboy boots.
You know, Mr. Holloway, Texas has changed a lot since the 1850s.
Oh jeez, I just wanted to see some boots or spurs or anything.
I come all the way from Boston to see Texas and you don't have real boots or guns or nothing.
You know, Mr. Holloway, I once had a pair of boots, and then one day my Uncle Fess lost his in a tornado.
Oh, you mean a twister?
Yep.
A big Texas-sized twister, I tell you what.
Well, that dang twister sucked his boots plum off.
Well, you can't bury a man in his stocking feet.
It's the cowboy code.
So I gave him my boots, and that's the story of what happened to my boots.
Wow, this is great, J.R.
I always thought you were afraid to wear boots because your toes are too fat.
In the summer of 1953, something that I treasure happened right there in that pink house.
What, Peggy?
The noted poet Ogden Nash wrote his poem, The Cow.
The cow is of the bovine ilk.
One end is moon, the other milk.
Sir, I don't really recommend a cowboy boot for a chubby-toed customer like yourself.
You might want to try a Birkenstock sandal.
Shut the hell up.
He's your spurs, J.I.
I'll pick him out.
Well, that sure wouldn't complete the outfit, but I don't want to scar the carpet.
Who cares about the carpet?
You hurt my feelings.
You know what else he needs?
A hat.
Yeah, yeah, a big old cowboy hat.
I want to see Texas with a guy in a big cowboy hat like Mayan.
I'm not wearing a dumb hat.
Huh.
I thought you were a real Texan like that thatheredon fellow from the coffee shop.
I'm only not wearing the hat because of my solemn vow I made to President Lyndon Baines Johnson on the occasion of the birth of his daughter Linda Bird.
Lyndon Johnson killed I, Kennedy.
Oh.
And this.
Hey, man, look at that rhinestone cowboy, man.
Oh, Lord, not now.
What, J.I., an engine, and a hillbilly?
Yeah, man.
He'll make all doctor shows, man.
9-1-1, man.
Y'all look like an old hot car ride with that old crap, man.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Uh, look, Peggy, being a salesman is a little like being an actor.
I'm just playing a role, you know, like that fella at the dinner theater you liked so much.
Oh, this is not Camelot, and you are not Jason Alexander.
Uh, you're not wearing that to dinner, are you?
Wait, you don't like it?
I got this pantsuit special for tonight.
It's from Frumpi's.
Yeah, don't you still have that bridesmaid outfit you wore to one of Lou Anne's momma's weddings?
Oh, here.
You know, I'd forgotten just how pretty this is.
Hey, Dad, I was going over the stuff you told Mr. Holloway.
How could Mom get pregnant with me if you spent the 80s in the Mexican POW camp?
Look, Bobby, uh, some of that stuff, uh, the details aren't so important.
I gotta get my facts straight, Dad!
There's a Q&A after my speech tomorrow and these Sunday school kids are tough!
I'll help you, son.
I promise.
When I get home tonight, we'll sit down and go over anything you might have, uh, taken out of context.
Oh, I am so sorry Mrs. Holloway didn't feel well enough to join us.
I guess something she ate on the plane didn't agree with her.
Hi, Mrs. Holloway.
Want some cold, treat-o pie?
Ah, she'll be fine.
Besides, every man needs to be cut from his ball and chain now and again.
Ain't that right, Jay?
Yeah.
Mr. Hill, your table is ready.
The four-top of 39 needs more ice tea, hun.
86, the jalapeno cornbread.
Howdy, partners.
Welcome to the Panhandler, home of the world's longest salad bar and second longest sneeze guard.
Would you cowboys care to take on our 72-ounce Lone Star steak?
Finish it, and it's free.
How much if you can't finish it?
Well, sir, like my daddy always said, if you have to ask, you can't afford it.
That's what I'm having.
Lord, no, Mr. Holloway, you're gonna fill up on free stuff.
Hey, Roy Rogers, Halloween was last year.
Mr. Holloway, these are my neighbors, Dale and Nancy Gribble.
Mr. Holloway came all the way from Boston.
Yeah, I know the place.
That's in Texas, Massachusetts, ain't it?
Say hello to Willie Horton for me when you get home.
He's teaching at your kindergarten.
I'm sorry, Mr. Gribble, but a cowboy don't talk politics at the chow wagon.
Happy trails.
I haven't got my croutons yet.
Oh, stick a fork in me.
I'm done.
No, no, you're not.
Give me a quarter, Jay.
I'm gonna go test my grip.
Yeah, I thought so.
You've got something right there on your back, honey.
What?
Footprints.
Break time's over, darling.
The kitchen's backed up.
Well, I have had just about all I can swallow.
How about you, J.R.?
Peggy, I'm making progress here.
I can always tell when a customer's ready for the close.
Mr. Thatherton, your table is ready.
Thatherton, and his table is ready.
I gotta go.
Ha ha ha ha.
Jay, uh, my friend Fatherton has taken me to that club where all the waitresses are former Dallas cowboy cheerleaders.
Too late, Fatherton.
If anyone's taken Holloway to a gentleman's club, it's me.
Well, now I'll see you over there then.
I like that guy.
Holloway, don't move a muscle.
Get me some protection, too.
Man, I admire most as my dad.
Thank you.
Okay.
Have fun, boys.
Phew.
I thought you might be mad.
Uh, because I was supposed to help Bobby, and instead, we're going to Jugstore Cowboys.
as part of my work-required sales excursion.
That, as I said, keeps you in pretty dresses like that one.
Get out.
Peggy, could you loan me 50 bucks ought to cover it?
And can I have ones, you know, for the G-strings?
How versatile is propane?
Well, propane will do everything that natural gas will do and more.
Please, ma'am, I'm trying to carry on a conversation.
Yeah, yeah, see your rear very nice.
Okay, there's some people over there that want to look too.
Now, how about it, Mr. Holloway?
Will you say yes to Strickland propane?
Buy me a mint julep.
Heck, that's not a Texas drink.
You can't even keep your stereotype straight.
Hey, come on, buy me a mint julep.
Then I'll talk to you about propane.
Mint julep, please.
Yeah, it's not for me.
I got a Yankee client.
He make you wear that hat?
Yep.
Oh, honey, I know exactly how you feel.
Every night my boss makes me put on this humiliating outfit to seduce some drunk out of his money.
We're a lot alike.
Why do we do it?
Uh, chiffon?
We do it for the money, cowboy.
I never made six figures a year at the potato hut.
Six figures?
Oh, yeah.
Soon I'll have enough money to stay home with my granddaughter and her baby.
I should be home too, helping my boy with his Sunday school report.
Hey, how about a lap dance?
Honey, what are you still doing up?
I don't get it.
How could he have fought in the Spanish-American War the same year he invented the world's first pressure-cooking chicken fryer?
Oh, Bobby.
Your father never fought in any war.
Oh, I know.
I've given up on that.
The man I most admire now is Colonel Sanders.
Here's your julep, Holloway.
Let's talk propane.
Boo!
Oh, you call this a mid-julep?
Where's the vodka?
Where's the tomato juice?
Maybe I ought to let that other than buy my drinks from now on.
I tell you what.
Mr. I'll tell you what.
I don't want your business, not this way.
You want to go with Fatherton Go.
But one of these days, when your propane mixture's only 89% and you have a smelly condo development full of crying babies whose bottles haven't been properly heated, you give me a call.
My name is Hank Hill.
And I sell propane and propane accessories with honor and dignity.
Oh, them's fighting words.
Yeah.
This isn't a John Wayne movie, Holloway.
I'm not gonna fight you.
Yeah, I'll fight you, pilgrim.
Oh!
Yee-haw!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
He doesn't have an oil well.
He doesn't own a Cadillac.
And he doesn't wear cowboy boots because he's not a cowboy.
And on account of they squish his toes.
But the man I admire most is a real Texan.
He is my daddy, Hank Hill.
That's my boy.
Yeah.
Thank you, thank you.
And I want to thank my dad, especially for accepting me and raising me as his own, even though I was followed by another man while Mr. Hank Hill was in a Mexican POW camp.
Thank you.
Hehehehe
