Come on, Hank.
Your mom's flight arrives in half an hour.
Hold on, I gotta do a color check.
See, red, blue, green, white, red, blue, green, white, red... Hank, aren't you excited to see your mother?
Of course I'm excited to see her.
I haven't seen her in two years.
It's the boyfriend I'm worried about.
You know, it's about time you got used to this, Hank.
Your mother told you almost a year ago that she had a boyfriend.
She said, gentlemen friend, I didn't know it was the same thing.
I thought they'd just sit and have tea and talk about how good the tea is, you know, not too hot, that kind of thing.
Well, I've never heard your mother so happy.
Come on, just give this guy a chance.
Why, he's just gonna use her like a footstool, like dad did.
I think I'm in love.
Oh, Hank, you're exaggerating.
Not really.
Oh, great.
Look, she's carrying both of the bags and he's nowhere to be found.
Well, hello, Tilly.
How was your flight?
Well, it was nice, except that we asked for no meat and they served us meat and we just can't eat meat since Gary's bypass.
Oh, Hank, it's so good to see you.
Mom, we're in public, one hand only, okay?
But I've missed you.
Thank you very much.
Well, Hank and I cannot wait to meet your new man.
We didn't know how to spell his name, so we don't have a stalking for him.
Oh, don't worry.
I'm sure he won't even notice him.
He's Jewish, and they never did that in his family.
Do they carry suitcases in his family or does he think that's women's work like dad did?
Oh Hank, Gary's nothing like cotton.
He's got a big heart.
Of course now the doctors call it enlarged.
You're flush, and where does it go?
Ah, you must be Peggy.
That's right, Peggy.
It is such a pleasure to meet you, Mr. Casner.
Mr. Casner's my father.
Gary, it's Gary.
Hank, I recognize this from your baby pictures.
I'm glad to meet you at last, boy chick.
Hey, hey, let go.
Never, never.
You'll never get away.
Mom, I'll put your stuff in the den with Lou Anne.
Gary, I put a cotton bobby's room for you.
No, no, no.
Why move everyone around?
Tilly and I can sleep out here in the living room.
No, I don't think so.
Why, doesn't that couch open up?
Yeah, but no.
Hank, don't tell me you're uncomfortable with the thought of me and Gary sleeping in the same room.
I didn't have that thought, Mom.
You put that thought in my head.
But now that it's there, you leave me no choice.
I'm sorry.
I gotta drive all the way to Houston to have Christmas lunch with my dad and then drive all the way back here to have Christmas dinner with my mom and him.
Why do you keep calling him, him?
I just find that odd.
I call him Mr. Kassner, keeping it nice and formal.
Kassner?
Is that German?
It's Jewish.
So, he's Jewish.
Yeah, Dale, he's Jewish.
There's nothing wrong with that in and of itself.
Is he funny?
Well, he doesn't seem too funny.
Seinfeld's funny.
Seinfeld's funnier than Gary.
I'll bet Gary.
Casner, is it?
I'll bet he's funnier than Cotton.
Cotton ain't no funny at all, man.
He got the POW camp, man.
He'll go batting blue shoots, talking about him, putting him in his own fingernails, man.
Don't freak me out about that.
You know, I thought my mom had learned her lesson when she had the good sense to dump my dad.
But now she's gone and found another guy to treat her like a bellboy.
You will be Goldberg's funny.
You know, the man won't even eat steak.
Now, what's that about?
Hell, my boss has a bypass surgery every year, and he eats all the damn steak he wants.
Well, that's not the reason Gary doesn't eat steak, Hank.
It's because the cow is sacred to his people.
Nope, you're thinking of the Hindus.
The pig is sacred to the Jews.
Well, I wouldn't, myself, never join a religion that restricted my diet.
See, I don't want to get into having that way.
Hey, we have the same build.
Yeah, I guess so.
But your skin is a little tighter.
Are you a war hero like my biological grandfather?
A hero?
No.
No, no.
I spent most of Korea in a submarine deep in the Pacific.
I didn't see much action.
Hey, when you flush on a submarine, where does it go?
you i like you said you i like instead of i like you that's funny i like that wait that i like hey good good you're up what is this i'm eating
It's some kind of delicious cutlet.
Chicken fried steak.
Oh, well.
I'm gonna count this onto chicken.
I'm a lot of chicken.
Sit down.
Let's talk.
Hank, your mother means a great deal to me.
It's been a long time since I've had these feelings.
Sorry, but now is a bad time.
This is my program.
And I just asked you, Father, to take this man's hiccups to heal him.
Oh.
You believe in this stuff?
Yep, that's right.
It's my favorite thing, so please don't talk to me about anything else right now.
Hiccups, be gone!
Well, I guess there's nothing we can... BE GONE!
I was thinking of picking up a minyora so we can celebrate Hanukkah and make Gary feel at home.
What?
I just think it'd be nice to honor his traditions too.
Bobby could blow out all the candles on Hanukkah Eve and make a wish.
No, he's the new guy.
Why should we change anything for him?
He hasn't made any offers to change for me.
Bobby, are you going to the game with us?
Basketball?
I can take or leave.
Excuse me?
Honey, don't you mean to say I can take or leave basketball?
No, Mom.
Gary taught me this.
It's the cool new way people from Arizona talk.
You want I should teach you?
Bobby, get your butt in the car.
Let's go!
Let's go!
If I miss the tip-off, I don't know which team is going for which basket.
Mom, you're not dressed.
Didn't somebody tell you four of Arlen's players made regionals?
I think I'll pass.
Fine, whatever.
I'm just saying an eighth grade like this comes along once in a decade.
It's been a long night without your puppy.
Mister, it's certainly been a long hot night.
I got your mistletoe right here.
Did you remember to bring the styrofoam finger?
Yes, Hank.
Does it say number one on it?
Yes, Hank.
The basketball one?
Huh, that's my mother's robe.
As soon as I'm out of sight, he makes her do the laundry.
This is weird, sounds like the dryer's on, but all their clothes are on the floor.
My eyes.
I've gone blind.
Heik, is something wrong?
You look very strange.
Well, I guess I'll have to take your word for it.
I can't see a thing.
I've gone blind.
Oh, good lord.
Blind, he's gone now.
I'm really stumped.
Your eyes respond to light, the retina is in place, and there's no sign of a stroke.
Mr. Hill, I know I've asked you this before, but you didn't poke yourself, did you?
No.
I just went blind for no reason.
Why is that so hard for you to understand?
What kind of a doctor are you anyway?
Will you do something?
What are all these machines for?
What about that laser right there?
Use that laser on my husband right now!
Alright.
Whoa, whoa, I don't need a laser.
Look.
What if somebody saw something really, really wrong?
Could that affect someone's vision?
Was something out of place, something where it shouldn't be?
Did you open the microwave door before the ding?
Just tell me if it's possible.
Well, there is a temporary disorder called hysterical blindness.
Someone can see something so horrific, like, say, a brutal murder, that sort of thing, that they actually lose their sight.
Yeah, I got a couple of books on it.
You take them, I don't need them.
This condition could last a few days or a few weeks.
The key to getting better will be to confront what you saw and deal with it.
Unless, of course, you poked yourself in which case when you're ready to admit it, you can come back and I'll fix you right now.
Hank, when are you planning on telling me what you saw?
I can't say.
You want me to lose my voice, too?
How can I help you get better if you don't tell me what caused this?
So don't help me.
I'll just be blind.
I don't care.
Is it a thing or a person or a vegetable?
Hank, just tell me.
A person.
Stop it.
Stop asking me.
When we get home, you can show me on a dog.
No.
Alright, I'll tell you, but you can't say anything about it to anyone.
I saw Mom and Gary, uh, in the throes of, uh, activity.
That's it?
I can't believe you dragged me to a medical doctor for that.
Will you get your sight back right now, you big baby?
Come on, Peggy, it's not that easy.
How would you feel if you saw your mother on the kitchen table in the arms of a 65-year-old man wearing nothing but a submarine tattoo?
I eat breakfast on that table.
What did the doctor say, honey?
I poked myself in the eye.
It's the darndest thing.
But what about the other eye?
Well, it seems the other eye compensates by shutting itself down.
It's one of nature's wonders.
My entire life, I've been reading psychology today.
I never heard of an eye sympathetically shutting down.
I've got a magazine you ought to read.
It's called The Ten Commandments.
Who's he talking to?
Hank, you want I should come over there?
You want I should come over there?
That is so Arizona.
I know what your problem is, Hank.
Your finger's too big.
That's why you poked your eye out.
Ha ha ha ha.
Hey, Hank, what am I thinking?
You can't see.
You can't see what I'm thinking.
I'm not gonna be blind forever, you know.
In the second I see some ass, I'm kicking it.
Now, no more making fun of my blindness.
Ring, ring, phone for you, Hank.
The joke's on you, funny man.
I like them flat, press harder.
Piggy.
So, okay, who wants to make cookies?
Jesus, if you're up there, what I'd really like for Christmas is my sight back and a wrench set.
Maybe I should be talking to Santa about that.
What's going on?
Did somebody drop a dish?
Okay, now we will open the presents.
I'll pass them out like usual.
Oh, we got something square.
Did somebody ask Santa for something square?
Here you go, Bobby.
Hey, that's for me.
He said Bobby.
Oh, a nightgown.
I'm gonna wear this when I get older.
Alright, who's next?
Oh, I got a heavy one here.
Okay, and here's something for Peggy from Tilly and Me.
Book, I love book.
The clown did it.
Movie comics from Buster Keaton to Robin Williams.
Look, Hank!
Oh, I'm awake.
Oh, and what do we have here?
Oh, my goodness.
Another mink coat for Hank.
Sorry, Hank.
I know that's getting old.
That's great there, Gary.
Thanks for turning my holiday into a Woody Allen special.
I'm gonna sit in the truck until it's time to go to my dad's.
Where's my finger?
Gary, he didn't mean that.
Please excuse me.
Hank, stop!
Hank, if you won't come back in for Gary or your mother, at least do it for yourself.
Now the doctor told you it was psychological.
If you run away from your problem, you will never get your sight back.
Are you gonna drive me to my dad's or not?
Honey, I feel better already.
Every block we put between me and the kitchen table is a load off my mind.
Ah, meant to that.
Now, where am I going?
Uh, what?
Peggy?
Where's Peggy?
Turn this thing around.
Peggy asked me to take you.
And my policy is give a woman what she wants.
Stop the truck.
Let me ride him back in the bed.
Don't be silly.
You'll be much more comfortable inside.
Here, I'll tell you what you're passing.
There's one of those big trucks.
You know the ones you find on the road?
A semi, a demi.
A couple of dozen wheelers.
Here we got a billboard.
They want us to buy some filing cameras.
Shut up!
You're driving me insane!
Oh look, a hitchhiker.
With our beard, a gun and a dog.
I think we'll pick him up.
It may be take you out of this mood you're in.
He looks like a nice guy.
No, no!
We can take the dog.
No!
You lick your face, you'll feel better.
No, no, no!
Don't you like dogs?
You're late.
Dad, it's good to hear your voice.
Still blind, huh?
Or are you faking?
Oh, Ali, you're blind or you're slow.
I'd believe both.
What's he selling?
Oh, uh, that's just the guy who drove me here.
Gary Kasner.
Kasner?
Happy Hanukkah.
I served with one of your tribe in the Pacific, name of Brooklyn.
You know him?
I know it's Joe Brookstein.
That's him.
Well, let's go get a tree, boy.
Uh, Dad, I gotta take your shoulder here.
Hands off, girly.
I didn't fight off a bunker full of horny privates to let you cop a field.
You know, Dad, it's like old times being here on the holidays.
I gotta say, I really like seeing... You've been a show for all your life, Casner.
I'm in visiting with Tilly.
Just thought I'd help out.
Tilly?
My old Tilly?
Uh, Dad?
My sweet God!
Is she still around?
She was too old for me twenty years ago.
I don't know what year she told you she was, Mr. Bent.
Adam Dominer's done rolled over.
Dad, it's Christmas.
It doesn't matter what day it is.
You don't talk about her like that.
Tilly's a great woman, a wonderful woman, and all you did was dump honor.
Shame on you.
If I catch you talking like that again, I'll kick your ass.
All right, I'm backing down.
One man's trace is another man's treasure.
Hank, I'll wait outside for you.
A little to your left.
Thanks, Gary.
You didn't have to leave early on my account.
Where's my eggnog?
Bring me my eggnog.
No problem.
Where are we?
We're not home yet.
I'm taking you to a place that might help you to get your sight back.
I've already seen the doctors.
No, no.
Not medicine.
Faith.
No, that's really nice of you to offer to share your Jewishness with me, but I really don't walk that way.
Hank, trust me.
Look, it's nothing personal.
I'm just not crazy about the idea of my God seeing me in your God's temple.
Hank, I wouldn't take you to a temple without telling you.
Then where are we?
What's going on?
I know you didn't poke yourself in the eye.
It's not hard to figure out what happened.
You saw me and your mother in the kitchen.
I'm not flattered that it made you go blind, but obviously it's something psychological with you.
That's why we're here.
Welcome, brothers and sisters and all you prayer partners tuning in at home.
Welcome to the Canvas Cathedral.
Canvas Cathedral?
The big TV church on the highway?
You said it was your favorite.
You brought me here?
We're celebrating a special birthday today.
Does anyone know his name?
He's almost two thousand years old, but he's still going strong.
I think we should give him a round of applause because he's working on his birthday.
I don't really believe in this faith-healing stuff, but it's a really nice gesture.
I don't get it.
I haven't been that nice to you.
Enough, enough.
I do it because I love your mom.
Well, she's very fond of you too.
And it's not such a bad thing I'm beginning to think.
Oh.
Hey, hey, no fair.
I didn't see you coming.
Okay.
Got your jollies by now?
He's healing the crippled today on his birthday.
He's healing the blind today on his birthday.
I got a blind man right here.
Is this man your son?
I'd like to think maybe one day.
Yeah, well, I guess that would be an all right way to be thinking.
Blindness, leave this man!
I can see!
Rattaboy, I knew you could!
Amazing grace!
He was blind and now he sees!
We'll be right back after these messages.
Hey Hank, how's the weather?
Oh right, you're blind!
Now me, now me.
Hey Hank, you're not wearing any pants.
Man, ain't good of that dang old stick, man.
Even though walking like this, you can see again, man.
Like, can't kind of look no boogie, man.
Hey, Hank's got a sight, man, run!
Get out of here!
Hey, why don't you say something good?
Put the mashed potatoes with the cranberries together.
Make a motion around.
This is the best Christmas ever.
Very good.
I should eat so much.
So moist this turkey is.
It's a special occasion.
You can have another piece.
Look, I wonder if he's gonna eat that piece.
He's gonna eat that?
