Ah, just my luck.
The Super Bowl parties in ten days and my television goes on the disabled list.
Why don't we just get a new TV?
Well, I wish that was possible, son, but the terrible truth is that America, the best country in the history of the world, no longer makes television sets.
If I let this one fall apart, I'll let a piece of America die.
Well, couldn't we just buy like a Japanese one?
Bobby, go to your room.
Luan, telephone.
It's Buckley.
Hello, Buckley.
What?
Of course not.
We could go to the outlet stores next week.
It's not like they're having a sale or anything.
They have everyday low prices.
Why are people so mean Aunt Peggy?
It's been 2,000 years since Jesus was born, but we're still acting like cavemen.
Oh honey.
Peggy, we're going shopping for the Super Bowl party, not your feminine items.
Diet soda?
Hank, we have got a situation here.
Luanne has come down with a bad case of the Y-Mies.
Come on, just do something to cheer her up, please?
Hey, uh, Luan.
Me and Bobby are heading over to the Megalo Mart.
You wanna go for a ride?
Is it okay if I don't feel like talking?
Sure, why not?
It's not just Buckley's everything.
The world's going to pieces.
I mean, look at any newspaper.
Aliens are getting all top seas and devil babies are being born every day.
Well, that may be true, Luan, but it's up to each of us to make the world a better place.
Take me, for example.
I sell a clean, burning, energy-efficient fuel.
Oh, well, do you think I could sell propane?
No.
What I'm saying is you've got to find your own calling.
Yeah, you're probably right.
You're always probably right.
Garage sale!
This is it.
One deflection coil made in the US of A. With this in our set, the only thing beyond our control is the size of the NFC victory.
Why don't we just watch the game at Mr. Doetrief's house?
I like it there.
He keeps snacks in his couch cushions.
No, Bobby.
The Super Bowl party goes Bill, Hank, Dale, Boomhauer.
This is Hank here and I want everything to be perfect.
People are still talking about Super Bowl 24.
Boomhauer's dip was so thick our chips were snapping like Joe Thysman's birdie leg.
Oh.
My name is Luanne.
What's yours?
I'm Mr. Cat.
Mia, how do you do?
You're pretty good with those.
I used to play with the puppets all the time with the social worker.
Hey, how much for the puppets?
You mean it?
Well, if it costs 25 cents to make you smile, it's a bargain.
Look, Dad!
An old wig!
Bobby, take that off.
I'm not saying it was a miracle, Reverend Thomason, but I don't usually trip into boxes.
I think God has a plan for me, and it involves puppets.
Luan, I like the idea of a Christian puppet show, but try to see things from my perspective as the spiritual leader of this congregation.
We just laid new carpet in the activities room.
You put 30 kids in there and lose their attention.
Fruit punch all over my new carpet.
Oh, please just hear me out.
You know how baby Jesus was born in a manger?
Okay, baby Jesus was born in a manger.
Now, what if, Reverend?
What if the barnyard animals who witnessed the miracle birth of the Son of God had a show of their own?
But Jesus only spent a few days in the manger, and after Luke 2.16, there's no mention of the animals.
Are you sure?
Trust me, Luan.
After he leaves the manger, the Bible pretty much sticks with Jesus.
Well, maybe that's good because then the animals are kind of like us.
They're just waiting for Jesus to come back.
And in the meantime, don't you think they'd have all sorts of crazy adventures?
I call it The Manger Babies.
We're headlining next week in the activities room.
Manger Babies.
How do you like that?
This is going to be a great show, Louie.
I know.
But now I've got so much work to do, I have to write a script, build a puppet theater, learn a talk without moving my lips.
If you want, you can make a theater out of that old refrigerator box in the garage.
I keep it pretty clean.
Oh, Uncle Hank.
Thank you.
Hey, who said that?
You're doing a great job, Luan.
Yep.
Yep.
Mm-hmm.
Thanks, guys.
But if you have any suggestions... Well, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
For those of you who missed my sermon this morning, I'd like to remind you that spilling anything on a new carpet is a sin.
Now, please give a warm welcome to Miss Luan Platter.
Once upon a time, almost two thousands of years ago, a Lord and Savior Jesus Christ was born in a manger.
And in that manger lived the cutest little animals.
This is their story.
After Jesus left, King Harold came, demanding firstborn sons.
You say that I bought tentativity Seen out of your cell second hand They came to life and then Amen!
I met the manger babies There's an over-dive at donkey He says YAH!
Who say is a cat?
MEW MEW!
And octopus too, gurgle, gurgle.
But let's not forget the very British bird.
So that's not further bar from the third.
Choned, I'm sure of now.
They are the major babies getting in trouble.
The major babies spreading God's message of love.
Major babies.
Darn it, I left a thinnish nail sticking out a quarter inch.
Today's episode.
Going to the movies.
Who wants to go to the movies?
Uh oh.
There are five of us and I only have four tickets.
One of us blokes cause sneak in.
What's what?
Count me out.
Is it sneaking Rome?
Yeah.
Everybody's doing it.
Yeah.
Okay.
Let's go.
La la la la la la la.
We're going to the movies.
Yeah, but it reflects poorly on my craftsmanship.
That's all I'm saying.
Hank, you're the only one who notices.
Here you go, four tickets.
But there are five of you.
You were trying to sneak into the movies.
You menger babies are in a lot of trouble unlocking you in a closet.
No, no!
And that's why you shouldn't sneak into the movies.
The end.
Yeah, Dan?
Well, do they get out of the closet?
Sure, I guess.
How?
How do they get out?
I'm bored.
Okay, Leanne.
How did they get out of the closet?
No, that won't work.
Jimmy the Lock with a coat hanger.
What?
I don't... I can't... What?
Jimmy the Lock with a... Uh, I'll save you, manger babies.
You will?
Yes.
Uh, cause I'm the assistant manager of this movie theater.
I sell popcorn and popcorn accessories.
And you are fired.
We're free!
We're free!
Yay!
Thank you, assistant manager.
Meow, can we ever repay you?
By never forgetting this lesson, sneaking into the movies is wrong.
As wrong as spilling juice on a new carpet.
Bravo!
Bravo!
You know, Luann really shouldn't waste his kind of talent on church.
If you want, I could show her tape to my boss at Channel 84.
He's always looking for quality children's programming and home videos of things blowing up.
Well, Luann really could use a booth right now.
But I could not take advantage of our friendship like that, no.
Oh, Peggy, honey, this is showbidness.
That's what friends do.
Done.
All right, Bobby.
It's safe to plug her back in now.
Uh, oh, okay.
Another Super Bowl, another can of scotch guard.
It would be a whole lot simpler if you would just ask Bill not to wipe his hands on the cushions.
I got a better idea.
You sit here.
Boom, Howard, Dale, me and Bobby will sit here.
We'll do a zone defense around the chips.
But what if Bill tries scrambling around the coffee table?
He doesn't have that kind of quickness, Peggy.
Not anymore.
Um, Aunt Peggy, could you please pull your car out of the garage, mean the babies need to rehearse?
The TV station could call any minute.
They'd be crazy not to.
That was the best dang Christian puppet show I have ever seen.
Ever.
Well, I couldn't have done it without your help, Uncle Hank.
You saved the day.
That's why this time, I wrote a part, especially for you.
Well, that's very nice, Luanne, but my appearance was one night only.
But you gotta do it.
Well, who else am I gonna get to play God?
God?
Sure.
You're great as the hero of my last show, so I figured why not have you play the greatest hero of them all?
Tell you what, Luan.
Just as soon as I finish turning beer into water, I'll meet you in the garage.
Ah, she made me God.
Hey, if you're God, I guess that makes me Jesus.
Bobby, honey, you really shouldn't say that.
That is for Luan to decide.
Let there be light, and it was good.
Yeah, that's super Uncle Hank, but can we get back to the script?
We're at the part where you meet your arch enemy.
Bobby's G.I.
Joe?
Joe's six pack.
He's a drunk driver who died in a car crash and was sent to hell.
And then he borrowed Satan's pickup truck without asking and trashed it so he got kicked out of hell.
And now he roams the earth riding buses and doing evil like he won't call you on your birthday and he throws beer bottles at your head.
What?
He crashed a truck?
You will feel my wrath.
What you throwing out, Grandpa?
The money I poured into the social security system?
It's for Luan's puppet show.
I'm playing God.
Well, maybe we ought to ask God who's gonna win the Super Bowl.
Goin' to win.
The game was pre-taped six months ago in the same Nevada hangar where they faked the moon landed.
Yeah, man, it's like that dang ol' Capcom one, man.
It was a good movie, but you know, they ain't gonna fake no stand on the ground like that little dude.
They don't need all I'm strong.
Well, I hope you're ready for that party, Hank, because you only got...
Four more days till the Super Bowl.
Bill, the Super Bowl is in three days.
Oh, damn.
God's not angry on that line.
He's vengeful.
Let's try it again.
Luanne, it's the TV station.
Hello?
Oh Hank, look how excited she is.
You're just a few days ago she was talking like the world was coming to an end.
You're a good man.
Man?
We did it!
We did it!
Channel 84 is putting major babies on the air!
It's UHF, Uncle Hai.
Ultra high frequency!
Oh, Luan, you have thrust your hands into something wonderful this time.
We better get back to work.
We've got a whole hour to fill on Sunday.
Well, that doesn't give us much time to get ready.
I mean, Sunday is...
Sunday?
Now is that before or after the Super Bowl?
Daring, can you believe it?
They put us on against the highest rated television event of the year because they know we're the one show that can beat it.
It's a huge responsibility, but I know I could do it with God on my side.
Uncle Hank, I just realized my octopus only has six legs.
Hmm, if I call him a sextopus, do you think I'll offend sensibilities?
Uh, I'm sure you'll figure it out before Super Sunday.
I call it Super Sunday because that's when they play the Super Bowl.
This Sunday.
Mm-hmm.
I guess what I'm trying to say is I'm gonna stay home and watch the game.
Watch?
But you're in my show.
But Luan the Super Bowl is an event.
We're having a party.
I'm the host.
So you mean you're not coming?
No, that's not what I said exactly.
I said I'm going to watch the game, but it could end early due to injuries or a terrorist attack.
Yeah, who knows?
You think I want to miss a Super Bowl?
No, sir.
I've got enough money on this game to cover the bath I took on the Dinosaur Classic.
But I will sit through that puppet show because Luann asked me to.
Oh, come on.
I'll be God some other time, like, uh, Easter.
That's during baseball season.
Who cares?
Hank, Luann believes in you.
How can you allow suffering in her world when you have the power to prevent it?
Suffering is a part of every religion, Peggy.
I mean, look at what the Jews have been through and you never hear them complaining.
Okay, who had three minutes and forty seconds?
Yelp.
Well, goodbye Hank.
Enjoy the selfish ball.
Uh, Luanne, I want you to know, if Uncle Hank lets you down, honey, it doesn't mean that the world is a bad place.
Oh, yes it does.
Check it out!
Make it to the commercial!
What the hell do Tina Turner's legs have to do with auto insurance?
Whoa!
Wait a minute!
Wait a minute!
It's just in from the Super Bowl.
With 48 seconds left in the first quarter, it's 63 degrees and partly cloudy.
Now stay tuned for the premiere of Lou Anne Platter's Manger Babies.
What are you doing, Hank?
If I wanted to spend Super Bowl Sunday staring at my wife, I would have married Fran Tarkenden.
I didn't do anything.
Oh, Uncle... Oh.
Okay, Louhain.
You're on in five, four, three, two... Hey, look at her!
He's broken free!
He's gone!
He's gone!
He's gone!
Come on, man.
Turn it back.
I didn't change it.
Oh, damn, we missed it.
Well, at least we get to watch them dance in the end zone.
That's right.
Come on.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Oh, come on.
With you.
Bye.
What the hell is this?
Come on, major babies.
I'll give you a ride.
We don't need it.
God is the designated driver tonight.
God doesn't care about you.
How can you say that?
God does care.
And he will show it.
This is gettin' old, Hank.
It's not me.
It's this damn remote control.
Bill must've dripped crumbs in it or something.
Maybe God had a flat tire or... What the hell is going on?
All I know is this is the part of the movie where I start thinking, why don't they just get out of the house?
Don't be an idiot, Luan.
God's not coming.
He's watching this Superbowl.
Now get in.
Eeyah!
We better do what he says!
Eeyah!
Well, he is our only ride.
Luan, no!
Don't get in the car!
If God doesn't get here soon, we're all going to die.
Maybe it's best that we do die.
Who wants to live in a world without God?
You're right.
Hey, Joe Sixpack, why don't you just point your car at those oncoming headlights and let's get this thing over with?
Oh my God.
Yes, I have come.
Thank you, Uncle.
Lord, we never stop believing in you.
The manger baby's faith has been rewarded.
You are all saved.
And as for you, Joe Six-Pack, anyone who drinks and drives is a real jackass.
Yuck!
Hey!
So, Hank, how does it feel doing the right thing?
Pretty good, I guess.
Of course, not as good as getting to watch the end of the Super Bowl.
Ah, the Super Bowl's always a blowout.
This puppet show, it was a real knucklebiter.
Oh, my lord, it's Troy Eggman!
What are you doing here, son?
Uh, sir?
Well, it's kind of a funny story.
Some guys were snapping towels in the locker room, so I went to Bible study to get some perspective on it.
And I saw a flyer for this puppet show.
Sort of a little miracle, I guess.
You know, it was kind of a miracle that brought me here too.
You see, I was watching my TV and it started flipping channels.
Mom, I hope you don't mind, but I borrowed the batteries from your remote control.
What remote control?
I don't have a remote control.
Sure you do, and you're purse.
The universal remote that can change the channel on any brand of television, I borrowed the batteries from my Game Boy.
When?
Before the Super Bowl.
But if the remote had no batteries, how did I?
Or after the Super Bowl?
I don't remember.
That's right.
Come on.
