All right, manager babies.
We're on right after the weather report.
So if anyone has to go to the bathroom, tell me now.
Well, it looks like that storm brewing in Big Ben will miss Hamlet County and plant a big sloppy kiss on the Dallas Fort Worth Metroplex.
Sorry, Big D. Thanks, Nancy.
On a personal note, I'll be on vacation next week.
So, Nancy, I'd like to be the first to wish you a happy 40th birthday.
Well, thank you, Burl.
For 40-year-old Nancy Hicks Gribble on weather and Don Ringel on sports, this is Burl Arlington bidding you good night and God bless.
And clear.
Hey, beautiful.
Prepare yourself to be whisked as in a lay.
I'm taking you to the Lagruna Resort for a birthday weekend you will not forget.
Oh.
I think I'd rather celebrate my birthday quietly at home.
Too late.
Your credit card is already billed.
Now, let's go pamper you.
The odd thing is I hate dirt, but I love mud.
Hmm.
Hmm.
Oh, it's hailing.
I've got to get back to the station.
This is sweet, sweaty weather.
Ow, ow, ow, ow.
Our weather watcher at Rumpert says the hail is now dodgeball size.
We've got to go live.
You OK?
You, puppet girl.
Can you read?
And the National Weather Service predicts the storm will
Slow down.
The words are going too fast.
Ah, damn it.
She's wearing blue.
But two more days before finally clearing.
It's a good color on her.
Anyways, it's going to keep raining and hailing and thundering and lightning for a while.
So hug your babies tight.
And back to you, Mr. Armington.
Call me girl.
I got here as fast as I could, Tom.
I'm ready to go on.
Oh, hey, Nancy.
We're going to shake things up a little.
I'm making you the late night weekend weather girl.
Luan is going to take over the morning weather slot.
Oh, I used to think these lines gave me integrity as a weather journalist.
But who am I kidding?
They're just wrinkles.
I blame the mirror.
I've seen a mirror turn an ordinary man ten feet tall, and another turn the same man three feet short.
That man was me.
I'm getting old, Dale, and I'm in the younger, prettier business.
Oh, God.
I need a facelift or a time machine.
And your smoking's not helping.
Cigarettes are hell on skin.
You know I can't quit.
What do you think, Dr. Mark Selden?
Can you take care of my baby?
Absolutely.
I'm very, very good.
I just want to look like me 20 years ago.
What's this faceectomy gonna run us?
Five thousand.
It'll take us 20 years to save that kind of money.
And then you'll have to make her look 40 years younger.
And we'll never be able to afford that.
Why would Nancy want a facelift?
There's nothing wrong with the face God gave her.
Well, I'm with you, but my baby gets what my baby wants.
There is no procedure however gruesome I could ever deny her.
Well, how you gonna pay for it?
Are you taking Dale's dead bug public?
Good idea, but nope.
I filed a $5,000 suit in small claims court against one Reynolds Pendlin, chairman and CEO of the Manitoba Tobacco Corporation.
I will allege the second hand smoke from his fine product has wrinkled my wife, jeopardizing her job because she is unattractive to weather watchers.
and her marriage because she is unattractive to me.
You know who you ought to be suing is the Arlen school system.
How one of their graduates could come up with a plan this dumb is beyond me.
No, my plan is brilliant.
I could be suing those cigarette moguls for billions.
They'll never show up in court to save a measly five large.
They pee wine that costs more than that.
I'll get a default judgment.
Brilliant.
Four, three, two, one.
Ha-ha!
9 a.m.
on the dot and the dastardly coward didn't show.
Well, I'll just take my money now and skedaddle.
Oh, poo.
Your Honor, I'm Jeremy Toblik, lead counsel for the Manitoba Tobacco Corporation and its CEO, Reynolds Penlan.
Well, it appears this case has been removed to Federal District Court across the street.
Where they will write my check?
Mr. Gribble, a Manitoba tobacco corporation has just countersued you for $1.3 million.
Have a nice day in court.
You aren't supposed to show up!
Don't underestimate this guy.
He's the only customer in our database who's earned every single item in our gift catalog.
You've got to smoke 90,000 cigarettes just to get the satin team jacket.
Now let's be honest, he should be dead by now.
I'm not putting you on the stand.
Don't worry, we're placing Gribble under electronic surveillance.
Observation.
Best case scenario, we catch Gribble playing lovey-dovey with his wife and destroy his credibility.
I don't want to know about this.
It can't be traced back to you.
We hired a local PI and we're paying him out of our snack-egg division.
Ugh.
The lawyers opinion my records.
That's the first step.
The second step will be to kidnap everyone I've ever known and erase their memories.
The third step will be to kill me!
Dale, they're suing you.
They're not gonna kill you.
Wake up, Hank!
These people kill 400,000 of their own satisfied customers every year!
Dale, do yourself a favor and just drop the case.
Maybe they'll go easy on you.
How do you know maybe they'll go easy on me?
They got to you, didn't they, Hank Hill?
Or should I say Reynolds Penland?
Peel off your fake face, Penland.
Come on, peel it off.
Like this.
Ah-ha!
From the bottom up.
Ah-ha!
Ow!
Penland, you just bought yourself an assault charge.
Yes!
Got a package for you.
Goodie, goodie, what'd I get?
It's Smokin' Sammy Salmon the Singing Manitoba Fish.
This is a corporate Christmas present not available to the public.
Enjoy.
Look, Nancy, it's Smokin' Sammy Salmon the Singing Manitoba Fish.
Wow, Lana's worn hot fudge sundae with two big scoops.
Wait, this'll cheer you up.
Manitoba is the brand to smoke.
You'll enjoy it, talk for talk, don't worry.
Keep smoking.
A bug!
TASK FLYING WATER BEATLE!
Will you excuse me, Nancy?
They're bugging me, my God!
I'm being bugged!
By the Manitoba Tobacco Corporation.
Was it like when the Norwegian secret police planted a bug in your person?
No, these guys are amateurs to be trifled with.
In the spirit of Akito...
I will turn their bug against them and feed it a steady diet of strategic disinformation, i.e.
I'll insult Nancy's appearance so convincingly they will offer me a large out-of-court settlement.
No, I get it.
And Nancy'll pretend to cry.
No, no pretending.
Nancy's a terrible actress.
Remember how her lies adieu little did little for the critics?
For my insults to be effective, Nancy must remain completely in the dark.
Her reaction's real and unscripted, like a Dean Martin roast.
I got a new dress for work today.
Aw, baby.
Come here and let me get a good look at you.
I love the dress, but what's with the face?
What?
I'm just saying you might want to get a sky cap to help you with those bags under your eyes.
Nancy, dearest, your smoke-rabbage face is making me nauseous.
Would you mind putting this Kroger bag over your head so I can make love to you?
Yeah!
The man's an animal.
The only person the jury's gonna hate more than him is me.
I don't know how much more of this I can take.
when he's not coming up with a new way to tell me I'm ugly.
He's talking about how much money he's gonna make off my disfigurement.
You are not disfigured.
You are very pretty.
Hank, tell her how pretty she is.
Well, you've got beautiful eyes and a great figure and you got... Thank you, Hank.
That's more than enough.
Hi, everybody.
Wow, Mrs. Gribble.
You look terrible.
Um...
Oh, here, try this new moisturizing cream.
I use it on days when I don't look my best.
It's not even opened.
She sure looks tired.
Yes, but still doable.
If I'm gonna win this thing, I've gotta bump it up a notch.
Hmm.
Nancy is highly allergic to lemon.
Bill, hand me a... Lemon?
Yes.
Oh, my God!
And as we move west toward El Paso, watch out for high winds.
So ladies, if you've just done your hair, you'd better beware.
I just came to support Mrs. Grebel and to give her some more makeups.
You sabotaged my face.
What?
Look at me!
Good God.
Now, Manitoba cigarettes have cost you your job, too?
Tom, the station manager said he didn't want to see my ugly face anymore.
So now nobody wants to see your ugly face.
That is it.
I don't deserve this.
You used to be a kind, loving man, and now you're a foul-mouth monster.
Yeah, yeah.
Go on.
Don't you touch me.
It's over.
I'm leaving you.
My horrifyingly grotesque whop is leaving me because of my smoking.
Dale, I've tried real hard to stay out of your relationship.
But your relationship just moved into my house and won't stop crying.
Drop the suit and apologize before it's too late.
Man, you're a little picture guy.
Once I win and Nancy gets her facelift, everything will be as smooth as her new skin.
Beef Barone is fun to eat.
Beef Barone is really neat.
Beef Barone is fine to treat.
Hooray!
Yippee!
For Beef Barone!
I can't take it anymore!
Nancy's gone!
She's gone and it's breaking my heart!
She's coming back.
No, no, she is not.
You are livin' a lie.
She's never coming back.
They never, ever do.
You think they will, but they won't.
Bill, you're scaring me.
W-Weren't we just havin' fun?
Yes.
Believe me, I want you to get a divorce.
That way you'll be here all the time.
Secretly, I was happy.
You're stupid, playing backfired so that I wouldn't be alone anymore, but this isn't right.
Take the money and go, go, go on!
Get back out of the door and get out of here, get out!
Hank, Hank, maybe I should talk to Nancy for just a moment.
She doesn't want to talk to you.
You broke her heart, Dale.
Tell her I just want to tell her I'm sorry and if she'll let me talk to her, I'll tell her myself.
Tell her.
I'll do my best, but it's not gonna be an easy sell.
Nancy?
Make him go away!
No sale.
I need my Nancy She won't talk to me.
What am I gonna do?
Wait, I know what I'm gonna do
All right, brain trust, the trial's tomorrow.
Don't play patty cake with me.
Could we lose this thing?
Well, we erased the tape so they can't hurt us, but the love affair between juries and tobacco companies has cooled.
Could we lose this thing?
Yes.
Are you Nancy Hicks, Gribble?
Yes.
It's a subpoena.
Now Dale is dragging me into court to humiliate me publicly.
I can't get involved.
Good day, madam.
It's a legitimate offer.
What?
Mr. Gribble, I'm Reynolds Penland.
Wait.
If you're here, who's that?
Gribble, I'm offering you the Deal of the Century, $75,000.
In return, we accept no liability and you keep your mouth shut.
You have no idea who you're up against if you think I can begin to keep my mouth shut.
I don't want your chump change.
I'm going for the big prize.
Mr. Gribble, again, I say this not only as an officer of the court, but as a caring human being.
Please do not represent yourself.
May I continue?
Legally, I cannot stop you.
Thank you, Your Honor.
Mr. Gribble, I hold in my hand People Magazine's 50 Most Beautiful People Issue.
Are you familiar with this Time Warner publication?
No.
May I remind you that you are under oath and that the subscription label on this magazine bears the name of your optometrist?
I'll ask you again.
Are you familiar with this Time Warner publication?
Possibly.
Objection!
How is this relevant?
Your Honor, I intend to establish the witness's impossibly high standard of beauty.
I'll allow it, but I want to see where this is going.
Sit still and get on with it.
Thank you, Your Honor.
Mr. Gribble, referring to page 16 in this magazine, can you identify the individual pictured thereon?
Jennifer Aniston.
Do you or do you not find her beautiful?
The really hot girl next door, yeah.
Beautiful, no.
Page 19, Denise Richards.
I cannot get past her wretched acting to see any beauty.
Mira Sorvino, Mina Suvari, Chloe Savigny.
Speak English, please.
Cindy Crawford Moe.
Very well then.
Julia Roberts.
A horse is a horse, of course, of course.
You are telling this court under oath that you find none of these women beautiful?
Are you a homosexual?
No!
You cannot have it both ways, Mr. Gribble.
Either you are a homosexual or the most beautiful woman in the world is in this magazine.
The most beautiful woman in the world is in this courtroom.
Not you, the prettier woman next to you.
Would the woman in the sunglasses and hat please remove her sunglasses and hat?
Do you know this woman?
She is my wife.
She is my lover.
She is the mother of my child.
She is my raisin detray.
But is she beautiful?
Where is he going with this?
Your Honor, please direct the witness to answer the question.
Let me remind the witness and his attorney that the entire basis of his damage claim rests upon his wife's appearance.
One of you answer the question.
She is the most beautiful woman in the world to me.
And I want her back more than anything.
If anything, I owe Manitoba money for the loveliness my second-hand smoke has bestowed upon my Nancy.
She thinks she needs a facelift, but it couldn't be further from the truth.
Your Honor, the defense moves for dismissal.
Case dismissed.
Now, all of you, get the hell out of my courtroom!
So sorry, Nancy.
I just wanted to make you believe you were ugly, so if you testified, you wouldn't have to lie.
Oh, that's so romantic.
It's romantic and cunning.
I'm the whole package.
Will you forgive me?
Cock-a-doodle-doo, Hamlet County.
Nothing but blue skies ahead.
There, I signed your wife's new contract.
And I said I was sorry.
Now, you gonna drop that age discrimination suit against the station?
Not so fast, Hollywood.
What's in it for me?
What do you want?
Oh, I don't know.
I hadn't thought about it.
Uh, uh... File cabinet.
Get him a file cabinet.
I should've asked for a weather chopper.
Weather chopper!
And a file cabinet.
and hug your babies tight.
