Here she comes.
Surprise!
We get her every year.
This is the one day you're my dad disappoints me.
Feeling a little left out, are you, Bobby?
Well, you shouldn't.
I got something in the truck just for you.
You like your birthday bone, don't you girl?
Look everybody!
What the hell is that?
It's my new pet, Josh.
Lucky gave it to me.
He's gonna be such a great father.
Get that snake off you this instant.
I will not sit by and watch you be strangled in my very own home.
Lucky, you're taking that dang thing back.
I don't know, Hank.
Snakes make pretty cool pets.
They don't have legs, so they can't run away from you.
And no matter how hard you cuddle it, you can't break it.
No, snakes are awful pets.
It's like a breathing stick, staring at y'all weird.
Now put it down.
Okay.
It's coming to kill me!
It knows I'm a Christian!
Well, I ain't never seen it do that before.
It's agitated.
Somebody go get Dale.
If I leave, you guys will let me back in, right?
People should just have dogs.
Well, Dale, what do you think?
You think you might want to grab it?
This is going to take time, Hank.
I'm trying to break its spirit, but it's an alpha snake, whilst I am clearly a beta snake.
Clever opening gambit.
Game on.
Well, it's in the toilet too late.
No, it's not.
Quick, grab it.
Sorry, Hank.
I'm a private contractor.
This is now a public matter.
Once that snake's head crosses the rim threshold, it's the county's problem.
County's problem?
Come on, do something.
Not to worry.
The county animal control guys are the best.
I've personally seen Tommy and Rollo kill a gopher with a pigeon.
This species is a Burmese python around six feet long.
It escaped down the toilet at 1146.
So what do you want us to do about it?
I'd like you to catch it.
Little league field's clean.
They don't pay us enough for this.
And this yahoo wants us to catch his pet snake.
It's not my pet, but it is your job.
Yeah, well we don't get paid the kind of money the cops and firemen do.
Not even close.
But when city halls run over by passems, they don't make them disappear.
We do.
Yeah, you think it's just magic?
Well, it's the kind of magic you do with a ball-peen hammer in a deserted place.
This is the magic I believe in.
I pay my taxes and you find that snake.
People hate them, and if they find out that a six-foot one is loose in the sewer, it could cause a panic.
Panic?
Hmm.
Maybe this could cause a panic.
Mr. Hill, I am putting this matter to the top of our agenda.
Here's a form that will expedite things.
Ah, finally.
Paperwork.
Now we're getting somewhere.
That guy's serious.
We might have to do something.
We are gonna do something.
Nothing.
The longer that snake is out there, the more the town panics, the more valuable we become.
That snake is our ticket to crazy overtime.
Well, all I know is I had to raise a little hell in there.
But sometimes that's what you gotta do to get the proper forms.
And switching now to a breaking story, we go live to the Heimlich County Animal Control Department.
A 12-foot-long Burmese python escaped earlier today from what we can piece together.
An untrained animal hobbyist, Hank Hill, purchased this animal as a joke, grew bored with it, and apparently flushed it down the toilet.
That's not true.
I don't believe this.
They're lying on the news.
Are they talking about Josh?
People think these animals make good pets, but they don't.
They're cold-blooded killers.
Literally.
Chilling.
Now we go to our own Nancy Hicks Gribble, live on the scene.
No, no, don't show our house.
No.
Thanks, Miguel.
Neighbors such as myself describe Mr. Hill as a quiet and somewhat rigid man.
And the last person you'd expect to release such a deadly threat into this community's hearts and homes.
You know, I always thought we'd be on TV for being murdered in our sleep.
Dang it, my phone is ringing off the hook.
You boys need to catch a snake.
That's what I told him.
We are doing everything possible.
The snake that was set loose in our community is a vicious predator and it cannot be caught on the cheap.
It's gonna take time.
It might take time and a half.
Golden time.
And hazard pay, thank you.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Our budget's too tight as it is.
This is a crisis of public safety, Don.
It appears my colleague here is soft on snakes.
Are you kidding me?
Nobody hates snakes more than I do.
Well, you sure have a funny way of showing it.
If anyone knows my history, he knows I'm tough on snakes.
As chairman, I move we allocate more money to snake eradication.
This isn't about money.
Just make these people do their jobs.
I say we don't just allocate some money, we allocate all money needed.
I say on top of that, we get these boys another full-time animal control officer to help win my war on snakes.
Dale, get on your cleanest jumpsuit because you are going to apply for that job with county animal control.
An opening?
But I don't have the chops to work with Tommy and Rollo.
Why do you like these guys so much?
So far, all they've done is blame me and ask for money.
Well, I always blame you and ask for money.
Maybe I could fit in.
Mr. Gribble.
Yes, ridiculous name, I know.
What makes you think you could be a snake hunter?
To be honest, I have no business even sitting here with you gentlemen.
I am unqualified, uncertified, and untrained.
I have no references, I am prone to nervousness, and when nervous, I vomit in my mouth.
Dale, you shouldn't be so hard on yourself.
As a matter of fact, you are exactly what we're looking for.
Really?
Are you sure?
Go on home, make love to your wife, and then come back here ready to be a hero.
But... but she's at work.
I'll figure it out.
He's perfect!
Ed Moran couldn't find a snake if he was wearing it for a necktie.
Kill you later!
Oh, what the hell?
There's no reason for this panic.
There's never been one instance of a snake jumping out of a toilet and biting someone.
I even went on the... the web.
It's funny how much one little snake can change a man's life.
My bathroom used to be where I went to find comfort and peace.
Now it's the sum of all my fears.
Yeah, man, it's like I don't even have a damn place to read my name on newspaper no more, man.
Don't worry about a thing.
Now that Dale Gribble Animal Control Specialist has joined what my wife, the media, has dubbed Team Snake Hunt, that snake is all but caught.
And best part of all, I'm working with my idols.
It would be like Boomhauer working with Wilt Chamberlain, or Hank working with the...
Dr. Propane, I'm assuming.
Just promise that you'll catch that snake soon.
I get more looks and whispers than that bank teller who's in between genders.
Well, this has been a great first day.
You guys have introduced me to Sudoku, and we came up with our theme song.
Now, this might be the pedicure talking, but when are we gonna catch that snake?
Hey, whoa, whoa, whoa.
If we rush into this, then the snake is one.
Huh?
Gentlemen, here are your beers and your banana flits.
Enjoy.
And by the way, your bill has been taken care of.
Thank you, Team Snake Hunt!
Thank you!
Thank you!
Hey!
We begin with an Arlen Snigelarm update.
Just turn the channel.
I hope you're proud of yourself, Hank.
Because of you, I gotta find some place besides the commode to do my business.
Huh?
I didn't have anything to do with this snake.
It was a gift to my son.
See, it was my dog's birthday.
Uh, no one has anything to worry about.
The toilets are safe.
Don't buy into this media frenzy.
Let's hear you say that sitting on a toilet, honey.
It was one of the few pleasures in my life and you took it away.
Damn waiting for this phone will be the death of me.
You know, the firemen have a self-frothing machine.
Yeah, and the cops have new headquarters and those matching ATVs.
Why are we always at the bottom of the food chain?
Because they all have bond measures.
You know how it works.
Cops can't catch criminals unless bond measure C passes.
Librarians will shut down the children's weeding womb if bond measure L doesn't pass.
If Team Snake Hunt gets its own bond measure, we can have any cappuccino machine we want!
Hell yeah, bond measure S for Snake.
What do you say, brother?
I don't know anything about bond measures.
That's the beauty of it, nobody does.
But they all vote yes.
And once the bond measure passes, then we'll catch the Snake.
You got it, buddy.
Once bond measure S passes, that Snake is toast.
I keep looking up at the sky and wondering if Josh is looking up at the same sky.
You'll feel better after you build a bear.
Hey, Hank Hill.
Snake Scandal devalue my property more than doltree sunbathing on Front Lawn.
It's true.
I checked.
Dale, you'd better have a snake in that backpack.
Don't be ridiculous.
How would I put a snake in my pack with all my sophisticated snake finding equipment?
Like my personal ionic air purifier, my anti-fog mirror and CD player, and my monogrammed flotation device.
What do you need with all that stuff?
Ha ha ha!
Don't be embarrassed by your ignorance, Hank.
You as a citizen idiot would have no idea how to catch a snake.
Dang it, Dale.
I made you get that county job to make sure those guys did their job and caught that snake.
Have you even looked down in the sewers?
We don't just willy-nilly go down in the sewers, Hank.
It takes strategy, planning.
In fact, Tommy and Rollo are in the Snake Control Room as we speak, planning our next move.
The what?
The Snake Control Room?
That's the dumbest thing I've ever heard.
It's probably just the copy room.
The copy room?
I don't think all the monitor, sensors, and tracking devices would fit in the copy room.
I think the Snake Control Room is more like the danger room from the X-Men.
So you've seen it?
Of course.
I mean...
I've been outside the door.
I don't have clearance to... It's a... It's a lengthy review process.
Come on, Dale.
We're gonna see what those jiblet heads are really up to.
Guys?
Um, I know you said never to bother you when you're in the war room, but I need to talk to you about something.
Guys?
You were right, Hank.
They're frauds.
We're going into the sewer.
Let's go kill a snake and a bond measure.
These public sewers are labyrinthian... time.
Since Tommy and Rallo never actually trained me, we could get lost down there.
I'll become one of the mysterious sewer people.
Over time, my memories of the English language will disappear and I'll be forced to invent my own.
Kuba kibble boobble skibble!
Get moving, Dale.
Dear ex-idols, someone needs to catch that snake, and I guess it's gonna be me.
P.S., I signed for your executive dartboard from the sharper image.
It's on the wall.
Holy crap, he's going in the sewer.
That boy scout is gonna crash our gravy train.
We gotta stop him.
We're actually inside Arland's colon.
It's kinda spooky down here.
Do you think poop has ghosts?
Apparently, not everyone was afraid to use their toilets.
Look, it's a wheel from a child's tricycle.
This is a place of terrible beauty.
Wait, did you hear something?
Wait a second, that was Rollo's voice.
They're after us!
How'd they even know we were down here?
Probably the note I left.
Come on, we've gotta hurry up and catch that snake!
The snake!
Quick, grab it!
I got a hold of it!
It's trying to wrap itself around me, but it didn't count on my strategy of me wrapping around it!
I did it!
I'm not sure that's Bobby's snake.
Oh my god, it's not!
Oh lord and heaven above.
Don't worry, Hank.
I've got three weeks of exterminating to catch up on.
Where to begin?
Eenie, meanie, minie, kill!
Dale!
Look at that vermin pit.
We're like money pits.
Dale, stop killing our money right now!
What the hell happened to you?
You used to be reptile and rodent killing machines.
Now you're practically veterinarians.
Hey, nobody give a damn about us till the snake showed up.
And no one will give a damn about us once it's gone.
That's why you kill for appreciation from people like him?
You know why you should do it?
Because it's your job and you're getting a paycheck.
Or how about you do it because right now Dale's wife, Channel 84's Nancy Hicks Gribble, is on her way to the animal control office.
She's going to expose what really goes on in that snake control room.
What do you want?
I want you to end this madness and publicly repudiate Bond Measure S.
There's Josh!
Are you with me, brothers?
Hey, if Bobby asks, we let Josh go on a farm.
And since my raisin detray, i.e., the Burmese python has been eradicated, I hereby resign my position.
But what about future snake threats?
Don't we need Bonmeasure S to safeguard our children?
Yes, the children.
Bonmeasure S is nothing more than an expensive government boondoggle that in no way will help us with our efforts in animal control.
With 1% of the precincts in, we are projecting that Bon Measure A, the clean air for our children to breathe Bon Measure, will pass 62% to 38%.
Oh, you hear that, little baby?
You're gonna be able to breathe!
As did Bon Measure F, the Children Are Our Future initiative with 67% of the vote.
Children really are our future, you know.
And in a stunning upset, Bon Measure S for a snake-free Ireland squeaked by with only 59% of the vote.
Tell me about the farm again, Dad.
Yeah, well, it's a really great place.
I tell you what, especially for a snake.
You know, lots of mice, I guess, that Josh ate.
That's Josh all right.
Tell me more.
Well, it's a good farm.
kuba kibble boobble skibble
