I don't know what to do.
Do the new neighbors have any kids my age?
Joseph's getting too active.
I need someone to sit around and watch TV with.
Stop it!
No more families on the block.
Look at those free weights.
That's the sign of a fit single woman.
She's tired of the bar scene and is looking for a man to share her foosball table and...
Birken collection with?
Now Bobby, if a teenager moves into that house, I'm counting on you to teach them our community values.
I know there's a lot of pressure being the block captain's kid, but that was the life you were born into.
Hey, Country Bad Jamboree, my grandma sent me birthday check, but it's not in my mailbox.
Which one of you take it?
Why would we steal your check?
How do I know?
Maybe your wife needs a new pitchfork.
I hope the new neighbor isn't another con.
His cracks about Peggy are funny, but other than that, he's completely useless.
Here comes the new neighbor.
It is a lady.
A big lady.
It's a man.
I didn't know this was the type of neighborhood where guys stood outside drinking beer.
And I'm totally psyched, man.
I'm totally psyched.
Well, you should be psyched.
You can drink in the alley until 8.15 p.m.
It's all in the block charter, which I left in your mailbox.
Hank Hill, block captain.
Nice to meet you.
I'm Willie Lane.
Huh.
Anybody ever tell you that you've got the same name as the Dallas Cowboy backup lineman from the 1976 to 79 seasons?
No.
Yep.
Big Willie Lane.
Blocked a kick to beat the 49ers.
Then was cut one year later and moved down to Mexico where he now wrestles animals for tourist pennies.
You sure about that, Chief?
Whoa.
That's... that's a Super Bowl rink.
Sweet Lord, you're Big Willie Lane.
Hang on.
You're even better than a single lady.
Yay!
I like this little chicken chest.
He's got spirit.
Yay!
Ow, my head.
Look at him over there, Peggy.
They never lose that nobility.
Oh, God, he's coming this way.
Just look casual.
Hey, hey.
I thought you'd want to see this.
It's the football from the kick I blocked.
It looks just like it did on TV.
Oh, Willie, this is my wife, Peggy.
Didn't you used to be one of our cheerleaders?
Me?
Oh, no.
But I did go to a Cowboys game in 1978.
Maybe you recognized me from the stands.
Dad, I changed my mind again.
Medium rare.
Think fast, big guy.
Listen here, buddy.
You have to catch it out in front with your hands, not try to cradle it into your body.
It's a little something Billy Joe Dupree showed me.
Billy Joe Dupree?
Way to go, Bobby.
Now, you listen to all the pointers this man gives you.
He was taught about football and life from the great Coach Landry.
Hey, hey.
There's a Cowboys game on later if you want to come over.
Yeah, that sounds great.
And you can bring the guys.
They seem pretty cool.
See, Peggy, I told you the guys were cool.
Run, damn it, run!
No, don't go out of bounds!
What?
Passion.
Half time.
I'll grab a few brews.
Hey, if we do this again, would you guys mind bringing Sam Adams instead of Alamo?
No problem.
I'll just dip into my son's college fund.
Guys, my uniform is too tight.
You'd think Willie would be offended if I took my pants off.
God dang it, Bill.
Don't screw this up.
Hey, you guys want to see some stuff from my career?
Hank, you've seen this.
It's the football from that kick I blocked.
Oh, and here's a picture from that kick I blocked.
Hey, Willie, I have something I think you'd be interested in.
Well, who's that handsome stud?
That's you before the weight game.
Hey, Willie, how'd you feel about letting me borrow your Super Bowl ring to wear to ladies night at shenanigans tomorrow?
Bill, game room now.
Can I have some more chips, or would that be stepping over the line too?
Five, four, three, two, one!
We did it!
Cowboys win!
Cowboys win!
Hey Bob, what's up brother?
Huh.
Willie specifically said, come over for the game.
Boom, how are we overstaying our welcome if we watch the post-game show?
Hmm, you know, I don't toss it, man.
Oh, God, the post-game show's starting.
What do we do?
Well, it's our first time at Willie's.
We don't want to come on too strong.
God, hey, I think that's Jethro Pugh.
As God as my witness, if I ever get back inside that house, I'm never going to leave.
One good thing about other hillbillies, at least they all pass out by nine o'clock.
This guy needs to shut up or get stronger moonshine.
Then call him to lower music, but be nice.
Maybe when we go on vacation, we'll finally have some of the feed your stupid fish.
Rock on!
Yes, hello Rock on!
This can't supernoose him on your neighbor.
And it's getting late.
Would you please lower back company?
Candy, climb on down.
I'm gonna take care of this situation.
Oh man, I think I'm getting somewhere.
Now, which one are you partner?
You right across the alley?
Yeah, that me.
He's coming to apologize.
That's a start.
Right on.
So, your house has the phone cord running right by the side of the house.
Yeah, I'm not sure why that mattered, but... The phone is dead!
Where my stun gun?
Oh my gosh, it's almost midnight.
Did you move back the curfew in your block charter?
Because that would be very sexy.
Well, sorry to be a tease, but I just made a one-time exemption.
Really?
Then I want the fine rescinded from my game night.
I'll peg you the appeals process.
Oh my god.
Con's hassling Willy.
Come on now.
I had it in you on your party.
Oh, you in for it now, big boy.
The black cap that never stands for nine cents.
Hank, he called my phone cable.
Yeah, right.
You're dumb.
Con, please tell me you're not going to run over here and blame Willie every time a phone call gets disconnected.
Right on, double H, right on.
I am not lying.
Now listen, you make my family follow your stupid rules all the time.
So shut down this jack ball.
It's a school night.
Hey, double H, I'll bet a cowboy fan like you would love to meet Roger Stubbock's pool cleaner.
He's in there now?
Yeah, he's a buddy of mine.
Come on in and meet him.
Uh, I wouldn't know what to say.
He's very easy to talk to.
Now get on in there!
Hank!
I need you!
Hank!
Block, Captain!
Uh...
I cannot believe you met Roger Stubbock's pool cleaner.
Yep, we played foosball.
He's a great guy.
Just a regular guy, I tell you what.
Hey, hey, Hill!
I give you a blood charter to Cardi to take to school for a report on hypocrisy.
She'll get an A, and teacher'll call you a monster.
So what kind of haircut did the pool cleaner have, huh?
Was he a redhead?
I'm picturing a redhead.
Willy's giving me some blocking lessons later.
He says I'd make a great lineman like he was.
My son is getting a clinic from a Dallas cowboy.
I've always said you had a lot of untapped bulk.
I'm gonna do a push-up!
Which one of you sports fans wants to give old Willie a ride to work?
How about you, double H?
Excuse me, guys.
Official cowboy business.
And that's how I blocked that kick.
That story gets better every time you tell it.
Hey, thanks for the lift to work.
I'm probably still legally drunk from my party.
Yeah, uh... You know, Willie, I've been meaning to talk to you about that party.
Uh...
I know you haven't had a chance to read the block charter yet, but it did go on a little late.
I hear you, Chief.
But it's hard for me to go to bars.
There's always one guy who wants to prove how tough he is by taking on an ex-football player.
That's why I party at home.
If I get in a fight, at least it's with a friend.
Very responsible.
Hey Hank, you're a big cowboy fan.
How'd you like to buy Dion Sanders' truck?
I'll give you the friend's price.
Oh, wow.
Well, I mean, it's a great opportunity, but I don't really need another truck.
Hank, thanks for the lift.
Rock on.
Rock on.
Hurry, Switzer.
You can do it.
There you go.
Willie, I know Khan's a pain in the neck, but this isn't really how we do things around here.
And even Khan never walks his dog on anybody else's lawn.
I hear you, brother.
I just lost my head for a second.
Oh, dang.
I forgot my baggie.
I'll run home and grab one.
Come on, Switzer.
Come on, girl.
Hank, how much longer are you going to stare at that big pile of dog droppings?
Not much longer.
It's only been a couple of hours.
I'm sure he just forgot.
I guess I'll just go pick it up myself.
Hey Hank, Willie called me and asked me to give him a ride home.
And to thank me, he gave me the friend's price on Cowboy Legend Deon Primetime Sanders Hyundai.
Now help me push it into my garage.
Dad, check out what Willie taught me.
Yeah, where's your dad?
Huh?
Big Willy Lane!
Bobby, what are you doing?
That's cheating.
Willy says it ain't cheating if you don't get caught.
That's not true.
What the heck happened here?
Yo, no pig had a jock friend dug holes in my lawn.
Lawnscape assault is in clear violation of Article 9 of the Charter.
This ends today.
Mister, you are out of control and it's time you get in line.
You know I used to think you were a cool guy.
I can be very cool when someone follows our neighborhood guidelines.
Now get over there and start helping Conn fill those holes.
You know Hank, you seem to have a lot of spirit.
How'd you like a pep rally?
Hey!
We can make a bonfire!
No!
Stop that!
Sorry!
Alright, that doesn't!
So these guys started a fire in the alley and tore some planks off my fence.
You do realize that this is a felony.
Sweet Betty, that's a Super Bowl ring.
McMurtry, get your keyster over here.
I'm Willie Lane.
It's nice to meet you officers.
This is the guy who blocked that kick.
Uh, officers Brown and McMurtry, there's the matter of the fire here.
Let me try that Super Bowl ring on, will ya?
Last time that thing was off was 500 beers ago.
Officers, about the fire.
Willie, you didn't start this fire, did you?
He probably did it.
Now he's trying to pin it on me.
You guys can't possibly believe him.
Enough out of you.
Now get back inside and stop hassling Big Willie.
Hey, if we kicked a few footballs, could you block them?
Dad, can I have a ride to the store?
Willie borrowed my bike and seems to have lost track of it.
You know, for a guy who was a pro athlete, Willie's drunk a lot.
Yeah, I know, Bobby.
Have you thought about where we're going to move to?
I heard Tampa's nice.
We're not moving anywhere.
I'm gonna back just in case
Hank?
Con, I'm sorry I didn't believe you.
No man should have to live to see this done to his lawn.
So I was thinking we could work together to get rid of Willie.
I talked to my father-in-law last night.
He knows a guy who will do it for 5,000.
Con, I'll only operate within the confines of state law and the block charter.
Incoming!
You sure about this?
Because maybe we can get Hitman to throw in Grimble as freebie.
We mow in two minutes, con.
What do you think you're doing?
Willy's sleeping off a hangover.
That's exactly what I figured.
Con and I are gonna fire up our mowers every day at 7 a.m.
The earliest time for mowing permitted in the block charter.
Eventually, it'll drive that hungover bastard off the block.
Over, Bill's bruised and lacerated body, you will.
Lay down in front of the mower, Bill.
Okay.
What happened to you guys?
Bill, don't you remember when this was the kind of neighborhood where you could leave your door unlocked at night and no one would steal your refrigerator?
I've been keeping my food in the tub.
And Dale, you believed in the block charter so strongly you signed it with your real name.
It's the only time I've ever done that.
Gentlemen, it is a new morning on Rainy Street.
Not working.
Time for plan B. There's a plan B?
We didn't tell you for your own protection.
They wouldn't dare have their basket bottle tournament with Dion Sanders' car in the way.
They were going to make me dance during halftime.
We can't play bottle donkey with that car in our court.
Aye, Fitsie Tom Tommy Jack Joe Bear.
Hank!
Your lawn!
I know, Bill.
I know.
But I think Willie just tossed his last car on his last neighbor's lawn.
Why would I tip a car over on my own lawn?
I don't know.
It puzzles me.
But Willie says he didn't do it, and we have no evidence that proves otherwise.
Uh, Willie, this here is Officer Collins and Winchell.
They're off duty, but came by because they wanted to meet you.
Can we check out that Superbowl ring?
This little old thing?
Sure.
Hey, let's take a group picture.
McMurtry, grab the Polaroid.
Smile.
Hey, I used to have a camera like that.
It must have gotten lost in the move.
Well, here, take this one.
All units, 3-10 in progress at 2-5, Romeo Grande, please report.
Little help!
Help?
I help you get the hell out of my neighborhood.
You big, fat, muscle-headed load of rat-jack or pig-dog waste?
You just called me a pig?
Oh, you don't like that.
Well, I don't care anymore.
I don't sleep.
My career is going in a toilet.
My little girl can't study, you know, because I'm fat, jock, slob, play a little football, and block a kick.
I don't even know what it means to block a kick.
But if you can do it, then any idiot can do it.
Back off.
We don't fight on this block.
Kill him, Hank!
Bill's got your back!
No, Dale.
If I hit him back, it's a fight.
Right now, it's a salt.
Ain't nobody gonna believe you, Chief.
Bear?
You see me hit this guy?
Yeah.
I mean, no.
He tried to rob you.
Oh, you did so, hit, Hank.
Just look at his poor face.
A big bruise in the words, Salad Sayobok.
Huh?
That's weird.
Looks like Willie just hung himself.
Con, take a picture.
Good thinking, Hank.
Now we got evidence.
Dale, put it in your wall safe.
Squirrel tactic!
Now listen here, no one else in this town has a Super Bowl ring.
So that picture is proof of assault.
Assault?
Willie can't afford another assault charge, partner.
That'd be totally uncool.
Then you've got two weeks to get out of that house and off our block.
I'm gonna need more time than that!
The charter clearly states that when a neighbor is deposed, they get two weeks to get off the block.
And that's all you're getting.
Thank you, Hank Hill.
Here.
In my experience, a lot of people say they're gonna hit you.
But not many actually do it.
Rock on!
Yes, hello, rock on!
